I'm interested in the Godel's take on the structure of language and its relation to the structure of mathematics.	0
"well, I am a debater at Bingham High school in Utah and the topic this year is immigration, and this article has reasons why immigrants and good for innovation which is an important part of my case."	0
I am a Safeguarding adviser in the Church of England. I have been working with a colleague and a Psychologist at Notttingham Trent University (UK) one research into the impact of religiosity on the likelihood to report abuse and likelihood to give credibility to allegations made.  It’s a long time since i have undertaken study ( i have been in practice for 22 years) so i have found it really helpful to have access to papers and articles that can assist my understanding of SDO which is assisting me in fully participating in the analysis of our data.	0
"I work at a school district in a small city. I don't have colleagues who are educational researchers, so it's essential for me to review research to stay current in my field. I employed a value-added model in my district and was able to use information in recent articles accessed through DASH. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to access this information without hefty fees or hoops to jump through. Thank you. Please continue this work. I will happily provide time and effort to support your work!"	1
I am a master Student currently writing my master thesis in finance at a rather small University with limited Access due to a lack of financial Support. That´s why I have to say thank you for DASH!	1
"As a immigrant student in London, I spend more than half of my full-time job salary just on my rent. For me, every penny counts. Open Access sources are vital for my academic progress."	0
"Thank yo very much DASH, the paper is very useful for my project task in university"	1
"So, unbelievably thankful for the access to these works. As one who could only ever dream of Harvard, the ability to read and learn from and cite these writings is a privilege I am so grateful for. Thank you."	1
"Hello, this article is very valuable to me as I am a graduate student pursuing a doctoral degree in education  specialiation in curriculum and instruction specifically science education.  I am currently a science content specialist in a midwestern urban school district.  I have been researching articles and studies regarding surveys on student perceptions.  I am in the process of designing my surveys and questions and found a great article summarizing the Met Project funded by Bill and Melinda Gates.  Inside the article (digital) a reference was cited regarding the theoretical basis of the survey and questions.  When I conducted that search I was diredted to Harvard Dash.  So, thank you very much for making this source open and accessible."	1
"I am a UCL art history student and was searching for the connection between Yeats and Modernism- his view towards the movement of his time in literature, art, architecture- everywhere. An open article about the topic was really clear, cogent, well-written, and helpful for my research. Thank you."	1
I cannot study racism and its effects on social determinants of health without examining the Tuskegee syphilis study. Brandt's review article provides a comprehensive overview of the experiment and leads to valuable sources. It would be difficult for me to access this older publication without the open access.	0
"The free access to the article I was looking for was convenient for me as a researcher, and it also enabled me to know that I will be able to access advances in research even if/when I lose institutional access to such resources."	0
"I'm an NYU student writing a research paper on a topic related to affirmative action (especially in the workplace). Though I am afforded a plethora of research tools and databases through my university, I greatly appreciate the accessibility of Harvard DASH requires no log-in credentials or payment. If I was not the student at a large institution, I would not have these resources, as many people do not. It is increasingly important that knowledge and academia in general becomes more accessible and less elitist. Harvard DASH is a great example of this. We need to see more of this!"	0
I'm working on a EdD in leadership and practice and studying the relationship between generosity and satisfaction in life and commitment to the organization. I hope to one day convene and promote a societal shift toward generosity and encouragement that counters the bitter divisiveness so prevalent in American society at present.	0
Learning about different approaches and experiences in priority setting in health to inform my work. Being able to follow the trail of cited publications from article to article without having constant roadblocks in the shape of paywalls really helps to make knowledge (which has gone through some level of vetting as opposed to wiki-style sources) is tremendously helpful.	0
"I am a college student who is majoring in Psychology and Economics. I really appreciate the open access to articles. I find it an inherent problem, that a lot of work being done (in psychology for example) that is ultimately aimed at how we can affect people's lives gets lost behind a paywall - and those who do not have institutional access never get to read that. They only get the news story versions of those journal articles, and I think it improves everyone's scientific literacy to reduce barriers to access literature."	0
"I go to North Carolina Agricultural And Technical State University and I'm doing a term paper on ""Computers and Criminal Justice – Using Algorithms to Make Judgements."""	0
I am a manager in the IT department of a large industrial company. This article gave me clarity on how to approach resolving software architecture issues and technical debt within the code base of my organization.	0
I am currently writing my dissertation and needing articles on brain activity and religious experience.  Thanks for making this article available!	1
"I’m a graduate of MIT (sb econs) and harvard (mpp) and currently in kl malaysia (attending, unexpectedly, to my father’s estate matters).  I am utterly delighted to be able to access this research through the harvard community, and the values which underpin this access to seekers (whereever they are on the globe) are a warm, timely and frankly needed reminder and reassurance that those values and ideals held out decades ago to a young student, should still inspire, hold true, and be lived out whatever phase in their life, and whereever they should find themself on the earth.  I realized when I graduated from Harvard and finally managed to pry myself from that environment to return to my part of the world and duties ... that Harvard is not a place - its an Ideal and enduring Vision of Heights sought, glimpsed, and yes attained.  Even in darkness (perhaps it is just night), your  harvard grad is doing everything she should - my teachers would be so pleased - and there is still so much more good to do.  Harvard stay Harvard forever, including for those who look to you (across timezones/the globe/cultural continents) to remind them of what they are, were bred/schooled to, and should be."	0
With Harvard Dash I was able to access research and papers for free that I would otherwise have had to pay for. I appreciate the service.	0
"A student of Global Development Studies at Queen's University in Canada, I'm accessing this work as part of a research paper on the effects of increased tourism on the economy and ecology of Mexico."	0
Studying a masters degree in economics and was extremely helpful when writing a research project centrered around the Dutch disease and natural resource curse	0
This article has revealed much insightful stuff in relation to probability weighting. Thank you for providing open access.	1
i am writing a popular science book on emotion and access to research is critical!	0
This article saved me $40 in purchasing a scholarly journal!	0
"MSc Health Psychology student at National University of Ireland, Galway"	0
exchange of ideas	0
"I am enormously grateful! This is how the ""republic of letters"" should work!"	1
I used this article for my paleontology class. It helped my understanding of the the snowball earth hypothesis	0
I am a high school student writing a researching a paper about the environmental effects of electric cars.	0
"Ability to read dissertations has improved my ability to write -- as an undergraduate working on her honors thesis, the works of researchers who have come before me are essential resources."	0
"Thanks for DASH. I am a professor in HR management and very much appreciated Leading Teams When the Time is Right (Hackman J. Richard c.s. 2009) in preparation of my classes. Thank you very much, it is highly appreciated."	1
"I'm a Italian primary care pediatrician and I'm involved in the activities of ISDE Italia, a branch of the International Society of Doctors for the Environment. I'm greatly interested on neurobehavioural effects of chemicals and on the effects of environmental hazards on children health."	0
I am a high school debater and Harvard Open Access has made it easy and accessible for me to find high quality research to use in my argumentation.	0
I am 24 years old. I am a college student who wrote a paper on electric cars and the environment. The article i found was very useful. I am looking forward to reading other articles from this platform.	0
"I'm a professional dog trainer writing a book on what modern, scientific, dog training reveals about our moral obligations to our animals, and to each other. I needed to brush up on moral philosophy, especially Kant, to write this book, This article was fantastic, one of the best I've found."	0
I am a baby boomers currently in school to obtain a master degree in human resources.  I must write a paper on the future of unions in the U.S.  All articles must be from scholarly sources.  The information obtain herein will be used for that purpose.  The article will provide insight and aid in my learning experience in my current course Labor Relations.	0
"I am just citizen of the US, living in CA, confronting racism every day as a white person, wanting to understand the very earliest origins of slavery in what became the US, especially the economics of it."	0
"I'm a Programme Officer at small Foundation that promotes ecological agricultural in East Africa. Open Access has been instrumental in helping our team build an evidence base for the logic of our programme interventions - an essential step towards improving the link between research and practice and translating this into more effective, better designed projects."	0
"Many thanks. Working on a book on a cohernet approach to CSR, and article very useful."	1
I am writing a literature review focusing on the examination of interactions between the environment and the endocrine system in terms of sleep and behavior across humans and non human primates. I was able to gather so much information regarding the history of primates and sleep from a phylogenic perspective. It really helped to be able to review the connection between the two versus just making contrasts. Thank you for allowing access to this article!	1
I am a graduate student at BU studying the history of food and hunger in the United States. Open Access allowed me to access a paper chronicling just this - providing me with a solid base of information for my research and providing other sources through the bibliography.	0
I am in an MBA program and am conducting research on positive praise in the workplace and this previous research is a good source of data.	0
"I am a family nurse practitioner with 9 years experience. I have recently opened a primary care practice in my community. As a part of my primary care practice, I provide MAT (suboxone or vivitrol) to my patients. As I am in a relatively rural area, I do not have a fellow prescriber close by who can teach me how to successfully employ MAT in my primary care practice. Additionally, as a new start-up, I have little funds to spend on purchasing  EBP research articles. The open access information that you have provided will assist me in building a supportive, evidence based program that will be used in my primary care practice. Currently, I see about 20 patients per month. 4 of these patients are for either suboxone or vivitrol. I see them for free, as they are medicaid patients. My credentialing is pending."	0
I needed information on how fast food is addictive for teens	0
Researching a high school debate topic. Most PDFs are hidden behind paywalls.	0
My name is xxxx and I'm from Ukraine.	0
"having access to this information is extremely important. In a world filled of depression and so many issues to make yourself happy, getting to really understand the causes of all of this is amazing. Having access to this info even being so far from Harvard makes so much difference and starts a feeling of capacity of being happy"	0
"My child who is 11 with learning disabilites/ASD, Has a reaction when he is outside in the cold and I am just trying to find more information about the what it is how it happens why it happens. It has happened on more than one occasion to his face due to the rest of his body was shielded from his clothes but his face had hives and was very itchy."	0
Found this through a reference in a Japanese paper; it is useful for me as I am researching transpacific tea trade prior to WW2.	0
Used for HS  debate coaching	0
"I am a dedicated  university student, I appreciate the open access policy and how it helps with my research. Thank you!"	1
master paperwork	0
I have completed my M.A. in Naional Seurity and Terrroism.  I am now starting work on a Ph.D. in public servicde and world security..	0
I recently located my father who was a Navy Lieutenant in World War II and attended Harvard Business School's NTS.  Your description of what his life might have been like is welcome information.	0
I'm working on an article about drinking alcohol and in vitro in a population of Polish women	0
"I primarily cite open access sources in my research.  If other researchers are doing the same, papers that are behind a paywall (or other restrictions) will enjoy fewer citations.  In addition, i NEVER allow my publications to be hidden behind a paywall."	0
Access to this article allows me to learn more about social-emotional learning as an educator and as a researcher. This article is of particular importance because it gets to the root of why students choose to undertake social perspective taking or not.	0
I am in graduate school for P&O and found this research relatable to a course I am currently taking.	0
I write historical romances and believe in accuracy for my storylines. Sources such as these allow me to provide fully-realized descriptions and understanding for the backgrounds and lives of the women about whom I'm writing.	0
In study of suppression	0
"I study Economics at the Universidad de Buenos Aires, in Argentina, and I'm currently working on my Bachelor's thesis. The open access to this paper helps me in that matter. Thanks a lot for that."	1
Trying to prove French relative came over with Lafayette to fight in revolution	0
"I am a senior Africana Studies major at Vassar College. Having access to dissertations and theses from Harvard's African and African American Studies department has indeed opened up my research to a robust and diverse archive of work, which makes me feel so affirmed im my work. It pushes me to continue to imagine past my boundaries"	0
I'm a doctoral student and the paper I found was crucial to my research. Thank you!	1
"Thank you for allowing open access to PhD dissertations from one of the top universities in the World. I am currently registered fro a PhD in a South African institution, and learning tips from the writing styles of other students is always beneficial, not only in terms of their methodology, their dissertation structure and their overall scientific content."	1
"Sharing is a good thing.  Thanks for being cool. Reading this without having to FIND the dang thing, wherever it lives is so great."	
"I live in New Mexico, and it would likely be difficult to find this article."""	1
I'm a graduate student. Access to this article has helped me better understand the way informatics informs my role as a registered nurse and improves my knowledge of the nursing profession.	
"	0"	
Our city is interested in supporting innovation and startups.  We also prioritize protecting citizens privacy.  Our quest for the appropriate privacy protections that can support both goals led us to this book.	0
"Recent grad in synthetic chemistry (Reed College '18) who just got a job at a battery startup and need brushing up on my electrochemistry and how batteries work! The CEO of the company wrote a dissertation that followed his innovation for a new type of lithium battery, and I wanted to learn more about the technology behind the founding of the company and so off I go to read 130 pages of applied physics! Thanks for allowing this to be open access (though shouldn't all institutions, by virtue of being concerned with the dissemination of knowledge, allow open access to their library items?!) :)"	1
Coaching psychologist	0
I am a graduate student at Oxford at 65 years and I am reading historical methods.	0
British Student studying for a masters degree in bioinformatics and computational biology at the university of Copenhagen. Xxxx	0
"I am the Director of Student Support for a K-12 school in Atlanta, GA.  I am so grateful for this Open Acess because I am co-teaching a course for our 9-12 graders on happiness.  Allowing use of this article helps me ground my class in science and reinforces to my students that this work has credibility and structure."	1
"I am a 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami survivor pursuing PhD program at The University of Sydney on doctor-patient interaction at post-disaster areas in Aceh, Indonesia.  Your open access policy helps me accessing a thesis that is relevant to my research.  The thesis explored a rather rare topic and hard to access area.  Thank you so much for the access, I really appreciate it."	1
"I am a retired Internal Auditor developing a proposal for Value Accounting. DASH has allowed me to download a relevant scholarly article, quoted by a Gresham College speaker. This will help inform my work on this project, providing evidence I can quote in support of the value of businesses of focusing on ethics and value creation in driving financial success, whereas these are traditionally seen as costs and restraints on the pursuit of profits."	0
"I teach research skills at a private college in Houston, Texas and am writing a research paper along with my students to show them best practices. My topic is Wikipedia, since I have allowed them to use the primary sources cited on entries but not the entries themselves. My paper includes a section on political censorship of Wikipedia, and this analysis is a useful source to cite. Thank you!"	1
Learned American (my) proclivities.	0
During a transportation seminar the argument of poverty as a function of distance from employment was interjected.  DASH provided resources to become further  acquainted with the notion.	0
I am a last year student of economics faculty in Moscow State University . We got it as a homework while studied the institutional economics. From Russia with love.	0
This access has enabled me to trace the references of a World Bank report I am trying to critically analyze. The article I needed is also a great piece that brings together economic formulae and political strategy; something that I have always wanted to start including in my research focused on urban planning and anthropological survies. Thank you	1
"Researching how the power of imagination and vision night have affected the work of a Hong kong artist, Wai Pongyu, on socio-political issues, and intrigued by Yeats' idea that 'he has best imagined reality who has best imagined justice', I wanted to explore the relationship between poetry, art and found in this essay many references that assisted me in the expansion of ways of seeing Chinese art and artists, and suggested parallels with the dialectic explored by Wai Pongyu and Hung Fai in their recent collaborative works ""Same Line Twice""; especially where the author comments: ""a dialectic between the representational tendencies of the South (such as Semitic-Hellenistic art) and the non- representational tendencies of North (such as Northern Persian and Turkish art)–this effort to understand art history as a dialectic, which so delighted Yeats, can also be seen in the work of other Germanic art historians of the age..."" for the dialectic can be between two views of one culture's art history, as well as across time. A stimulating essay."	0
I am a researcher at University College Cork who worked on omni-directional reflectors. Chia Wei' thesis is inspirational to understand theoretically the effects observed in our experiments	0
I'm a translator often needing to do a little research to fully understand the text I'm translating.	0
I'm currently in a literacy research course at the University of Toronto where my professor has asked us to read dissertations of other students to help us better understand how to write a dissertation. This is my first year in the Masters of Education: Language and Literacies program and the access has allowed me to read quality work.	0
research paper on animal cruelty in the cosmetic industry	0
I am a DNP student at Southern Adventist University	0
I am an academic student currently taking an MA in Education Leadership and Management. I am also an educator within a female estate prison. Being passionate about the wellbeing of others and a yoga & meditation practitioner I would like to encourage the prison to use meditation and yoga practice for prisoners and staff to improve mental and physical health. My current small scale research project will aim to propose this practice into the establishment. This fantastic paper has provided some more evidence to support my research project. Thank you.	1
I'm a student at Harvard. Having a hard time getting it through the library so giving this a shot	0
I'm a student at Harvard. Looking at using this for a paper.	0
I am researching joining a company at the Sr Leaderhship level for which a Material Adverse Event Clause is forming the basis for the acquiring company to renege on their offer to which the target company has filed suit in court to compel acquirer to close on the agreed upon deal. I wish to understand the enforceability of these clauses and case law where it went one way and the evidenciary fact pattern supporting that finding.	0
"I am interested in the assessment of false positives and false negatives in census based linkage. This thesis is referenced in ""Historical Census Record Linkage"" by Steven Ruggles, Catherine A. Fitch, and Evan Roberts.I am interested in the ground truth data used for the experiments."	0
"I am embarking on a part-time PhD and open access helps me immensely as I can't always get to the library to copy or read materials. Open access broadens my research, and hopefully will lead to my research being available to others in the future."	0
"I am a high school Spanish teacher and I use the power pose before each assessment to give my students confidence. I used this article to show my students that this isn’t just a silly ploy to stand in a weird way and get embarrassed, but rather it is a way to utilize body language to empower ourselves. It has greatly helped my students, especially before class presentations, and they tell me they use it elsewhere as well."	0
I need a robust numerical method for finding (possibly complex)  roots of cubic polynomial that arises in ray-centric parabolic equation modeling methods for the Helmholtz and Schroedinger equations.	0
"I’m an 8th grade teacher, one of the author’s second cousin. We are discussing urbanization and sustainability in our class in partnership with an urban wildlife sanctuary. I thought this article could give my students a better understanding of what kind of work researchers do in this field. We are also practising working with primary and secondary data in math and science and this will can provide a context for their learning so that the learning can be more meaningful."	0
Great	0
I am a high school media specialist. I am working students in our AICE Cambridge Perspectives class. We're working on expanding their knowledge of variant issues and perspectives. DASH offers our students greater access to materials which are of the level they need to successfully complete their research.	0
Not much of a story... I am a librarian at Dragon Rises College of Oriental Medicine and I am looking for articles of interest to the students.	0
Research trainee at Brigham & Women's exploring to develop a new instrument.	0
I'm a freelance writer on political and cultural matters.  I am not affiliated with any insitution and my budget is limited so it is very useful to have important articles available free of charge.   I am interested in the question of rights.	0
I'm a writer trying to glean info about living and working conditions for women in the 1870s in Chicago. Access to articles like this one are invaluable since there is very little surviving pieces of documentation about such conditions.	0
Former engineer now interested in more human stuff	0
University assignment research links to this article. Having access to this article is definitely helpful	0
I intend to publish on the three corners of the Rwandan vision of the world. University of Rwanda. Tx	0
Thank you for helping to keep science open. Keeping it behind a paywall threatens the survival of our culture.	1
I work in the field of History and Philosophy of Science with special interest in Biology. In view of this I find the facility of Open Access very helpful. I thank you for this kind facility.	1
Thanks for the information	1
"I am currently the chairman of the Public Commission on Equality created by the Swedish Government. Our task will consist in collecting and syntesizing research on inequality-generating mechanisms, as a basis for policy making."	0
"I really appreciate the effort of the research at Harvard, especially computer science. It inspires me and helps me as I dont have a computer science backround. Thank you so much"	1
"It´s a great article, very helpful for the understanding of intertemporal choice."	0
I am a nurse anesthetist looking for trustworthy research regarding CBD to better guide my patients pain management.	0
"I'm an early retiree now diving deep into my favorite hobby, philosophy. It's always helpful to have easy and free access to important academic articles. Thank you!"	1
"Harvard Dash is extremely helpful, in particular if you are living in a place where it is rather difficult to have access to English philosophical journals. Thank you very much!"	1
I am a doctorate student researching topic for assignment	0
I have been searching for an intuitive explanation of Probabilistic Graphical Models. The high quality article on PLOS - was my way ahead. Thanks	1
"I am Bernardita jensen, head master to montessori Pucalan school in Chile.And now iam studing a master deegre in educational management"	0
"researching mh dawson first to investigate HGT and first to inject penicillin into humans and learnt about funke via i am multitudes ed,s book on human micronome"	0
"Had to read the paper for my grad macro course, but the paper was paywalled in JSTOR. School didn't open for several days, so couldn't use the library either. DASH came to the rescue."	0
"I Need to write an Essay on child directed speech for the University in Dortmund, Germany."	0
I am a PhD researcher undertaking an ethnographic study. This article offered valuable insights for me mid-candidature and was not something I had come across before. The fact that it came out of a google search made it more accessible than any other way I could have accessed. I doubt I would have found it if it had been buried in one of the numerous electronic databases. The free access component of it means I can circulate it readily to my research team.	0
"I am looking for cognitive and social science evidence consistent with the possibility that a society can attain an 'anti-bias' mindset that tamps down to some extent unconscious biases arising from personal morals and beliefs and from social context. If that is true, it may be the case that an 'anti-bias' political ideology is possible to derive from current knowledge. Even if that is possible, it is unknowable if it would make any difference, but unless the concept is tested, the answer will remain unknown forever. This paper is part of the evidence I am evaluating in assessing that hypothesis. The more science that is not behind paywalls, the better."	0
I am not affiliated with a University and public access to pier reviewed research is critical to everyone that want's to understand the world we live in. Ultimately if the public doesn't have access to facts it cannot make reasonable decisions in our democratic society. Journalists with their ties to the entertainment industry and pressure to write a sensational article or a stereotypical article a day or a week have lowered the level of public discourse to populist propaganda.	0
"I am actually grateful because currently I have no access to a Library where I could get scientific papers for my work on public debt. So, the open access you provide as a first class University is a really divine gift. During the 1990's I was a visiting scholar at the Harvard Economics Department collaborating with the world-respected late Professor Zvi Griliches, a wonderful person, advisor and friend."	1
Researching an article for a job interview.	0
I found this article extremely helpful in writing a piece of mine on the Ottoman Salonica in 1589-90 and the role Rotunda played in the events in the city at that time.	0
I learned a lot about what manipulation was. It felt really good to have a developed point of view on what it is. Thank you for allowing me to read some true educational content!	1
I am researching the influence of world trade on the moulding of world history.	0
2 infected ladybugs were found at the COMA 2018 mushroom foray held at Hemlocks facility in Hebron CT. We used your publication to better understand and share what we had found.	0
"I’m a community college drop-out that loves learning and getting smarter, in an absolute sense, though it’s impossible not to let your ego stray comparatively to others. Anyways, besides the unnecessary background, unfettered access for all should be imperative to the success and flourishing for all humans. And I say thank you, Harvard and to whomever may be reading, never allow curiosity to be satiated."	1
Hello! This research (https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/12016836/The%20Parable%20of%20Google%20Flu%20%28WP-Final%29.pdf?sequence=1) was really instrumental in helping me create this guide to Google Correlate.	
	
https://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-correlate-research-tool/266341/	
	
"Thank you!"""	1
"Autonomous research is quite expensive. To be able to read confortably an article that is important for my endeavor, free access to it, is good ! Thank you"	1
"It's hard (even impossible) for Mexican PhD students to find scientific articles on these topics in Spanish. I can read in English and it's some advantage to me, but it seems that almost no one in Mexico is aware of the amount of recent information in social sciences. We need more open - access articles, maybe translations some day. Thank you."	1
I'm a student pursuing my Masters in Accountancy.  In the corporate finance class I am currently taking we are analyzing the relationship between CSR and stockholder value maximization and whether the two can be met at the same time.	0
"I work for Natural Resources Wales, which has a number of functions including environmental regulation.  Our mission is the sustainable management of natural resources, and since many final environmental goods and services are not delivered via a market, we have a strong interest in ""the beyond GDP"" debate.  In this context I have been musing about whether there is a paradigm shift underway in Economics, and to that end I recently read Akerlov's Presidential Address to the American Economic Association in 2007 where he analyses the ""five neutralities"" which undermined the Keynsian consensus, which includes Barro's rediscovery of Ricardian Equivalence, the subject of the article I have just accessed from this site.  I have to admit that I can think of only one possible example of this in practice - Japan during the 1990's.  I find Akerlov's argument that the five neutralities all involve the exclusion of norms from utility functions quite persuasive.  Turning to the open access features of your site.  I greatly value such opportunities.  Knowledge should be treated as a public good.  During the first industrial revolution many entrepreneurs deliberately chose not to patent their inventions (perhaps because of norms like those discussed by Akerlov - it would not have been inconsistent with their social status or with the status to which they aspired to be seen to be protecting their income by the use of patents)."	0
Article is being discussed on a closed mailing list in relation to open source software licensing.  Closed access of course largely precludes this kind of discussion. Thanks for making this content available.	1
"I would not be able to research a professor with whom I hope to work, if I did not have access to online publications."	0
"I am a Phd candidate. My research is on the economic involvement of rural Palestinian women during the British occupation\mandate. Open access to Mitte's text provided me with a deeper insight into the monetary system that was in mandatory Palestine,and provided the context I needed for the analysis of the peasant family indebtness and to why women took up any available work they could find to lighten the burden of taxes, bank credits and loans etc. Thank you for allowing this vital access."	1
"Access to this document has helped my in studying my early years education degree in Perth, Western Australia."	0
"Thanks. I am professor at UQAM (CANADA), School of Business Science, and I  have selected this article (Privatizing Russia) to be included in my Course Outline (Doing Buiness in the BRICS markets) that I teach  in French to MSc. students at ESG (UQAM), Montreal.."	1
"Researching Family History in and around  Woinitschi, Hoffnungsfeld Hoffnungstal,Ukraine Odessa. Immigrated to the U.S. in 1956. Parents born in Woinitschi and Hoffnungsfeld, Ukraine. Grandfather and Uncles Shot by NKVD 1937. Grandfather believed to be large landowner.  Chutor Troester is mentioned in one or two instances and we are attempting to find out how much land was owned, where this land was,when it was confiscated, and what if anything was retained by family."	0
"Open access through Harvard DASH is extremely useful for scholars in emerging economies (I am based in India) where public universities have limited budget (which is also shrinking) and often cannot afford to subscribe directly to JStor and other such paid online access facilities. I teach a course on growth and development at the M.A. level for which I often refer to original journal articles.  Harvard DASH has made these articles accessible to me and successive batches of my students over that , many of whom eventually joined the academia in India and abroad.  Thanks for creating this tremendous positive externality for the academic community across the globe."	1
Dash satisfies my curiosity and thirst for knowledge. Thanks	1
I am presently undergoing Psychiatry residency in India. As part of an academice project on Expressed Emotion I was trying to find out about Camberwell family interview. My search led me to this article. At present I am trying to find the manual for this interview for use in my study.	0
"I am a PhD student at Nottingham University in the area of Theology and Science. I am doing a case study on Bell's 1964 paper and how theologians interpret it. My thesis is that theologians overlook the complexity of how scientists produce ""facts"" and do so I am researching the background of the CHSH paper and am interested in the theory they took for granted in testing the correlation of the polarisation of emitted photons. Thanks for making this paper available"	1
I have dysautonomia.  I recently saw a specialist and he want me to try tVNS as part of his protocol to treat autonomic failure.  I have been battling this disease for many years and this year it has gotten worse.  I am SICK OF BEING SICK and willing to try any/everything.  In my research I happened upon your page.  It was helpful.  I am going forward with the therapy.  Feel free to contact me for more details.	0
"Hi! My name is xxxx, and I'm a student at the University of xxxx. My ex-girlfriend and I were just chatting about Jimmy Carter, whom I grew up revering. Last semester, in a course on Latin American revolutionary movements, I found out about his above-and-beyond level of complicity in the brutal oppression of Central Americans, specifically Salvadorans. I accessed this paper to hopefully find out more regarding the Somozas and the 14 families. We're both suddenly re-interested in this topic. "	
":)"""	0
"I am a community organizer focusing on voting rights, voter education, and voter turnout. Open Access and Harvard DASH make it possible for me to make a strategic approach to implementing change that strives for equality -- rather than to continue ""autopilot models."" In other words, said access allows me to be challenged by providing a diverse crop of research and perspectives. Diversity means more factors to consider and, therefore, a more effectual outcome to be derived. Thank you!"	1
"As an undergrad in philosophy I had the distinct fortune to study under two professors: Howard Ruttenberg CUNY at York College and Walter Watson SUNY at Stonybrook, who were students of Richard McKeon at U. of Chicago. 25 years later I'm revisiting the works of McKeon, particularly in relation to his efforts in UNESCO. I'm currently in the process of preparing a presentation on this topic for Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at USF and this particular article is invaluable to my getting a broad picture of the inner workings and the players involved in the writing of UNESCO and Declaration of Rights of Man"	0
"Yo era especialista en el mercado cardio-metabólico con MSD hasta que me despidió sin lógica. Tuve que re-inventarme y me especialice en el conocimiento de las lipoproteínas para poder acercar sus implicaciones fisiopatológicas a la ""Clínica en España"" por medio de la Resonancia Magnética Nuclear. Actualmente trabajo en el acceso a cuentas hospitalarias de la determinación analítica de las LIPOPROTEINAS en las áreas cardio-metabólicas."	0
"I was going to request this through my institution's library, but then found that Harvard already made it open access. Thanks DASH!"	1
"This is the first time, yet the site emphasized my search point. Thanks"	1
"I was unable to access it -- after being led to multiple cites for various agreements, then to Astor of Chicago cites, neither of which had copies. So much for free articles."	0
Correct false information	0
"As a grant writer and passionate advocate for the under-resourced, having access to sound research and information is critical.  Data, research and other information with the Harvard imprimatur lends credibility to our advocacy and garners support.  Additionally, many students and the public may not always have access to academic journals or the resources to pay for downloads.  This kind of access supports equity and access."	0
"Thanks for DASH. The doctoral dissertation for Dr. Li helped me understand lots of basic concept in learning and memory. Without her dissertation and the open access to Harvard DASH, my experiment would never be a reality."	1
I'm a researcher in the development sector and this piece has really allowed me situate some of the problems we face from a historical and political perspective. It has allowed me to prompt discussions with colleagues and friends about whether the past 10 years have brought about any changes. Thanks for DASH!	1
"I am not a theologian but I have been at work trying to solve the historical conundrum of what has happened that caused the early Church to abandon the Sabbath in favor of weekly Sunday Eucharistic worship. The late fourth century was particularly problematic for me, as not much is written about the Sabbath in this era. Shayne J.D. Cohen's excellent article was not exactly on my topic but it's citations and translations were exceedingly helpful to me. Thank you, Dr. Cohen!"	1
"I am a research assistant, deeply interested in the impact of social-emotional learning (SEL) on learning. Without access to this content, I would very simply not be able to pursue this field until accepted into a graduate program. Thank you."	1
looking for regressions with linear and quadric versions of a variable	0
"The article will be usefull to me and my students. I am an university Professor in Development Economics at Universidad de Los Andes, Mérida, Venezuela."	0
Open access makes it possible for me to study from home (and expand my understanding of global issues) from a remote rural location.  Than in turn gives me the opportunity to have second career and to (hopefully) make a positive contribution.  Access to ideas is incredibly important - so thank you!	1
I am an emeritus professor looking for credible bibliographic references to sociology of religion studies.Access to articles like this helps greatly.	0
"This research paper has helped me write an EPQ (A qualification in England). Without these kinds of resources, it would be hard for me to access such important papers."	0
The paper helped while writing my BA thesis. Thank you!	1
I'm a prenatal genetic counselor who had a patient with a normal ultrasound have a variant of uncertain significance identified on microarray.  Having access to the full literature quoted in the lab reports better helps me answer questions and understand the potential impacts of the finding.	0
"I love the idea, some would argue it's an ideal, that information freely available benefits society as a whole. I am in the process of working on my First Novel and take breaks to gather research for the Second Novel I would like to work on. When I complete these works I plan to share them on BitTorrent to not limit the readership to those who can pay. Hopefully my writing will in some small way benefit society as a whole. Well, I mean hopefully I will become considered one of the greatest novelists of this century, but I will happily settle for a small positive influence."	0
Email Bot is an automated Email Sending platform driven by Artificial intelligence to help you make maximum out of Email Marketing. 	
"Email Bot is among the most trusted Email Sending platform where we have integrated automation with artificial intelligence to ensure that our user doesn’t lose out on any opportunity while sending the emails. Email Bot Makes use of Dedicated IPS, Spam Filters, and Email Servers to make sure each email is delivered to user’s inbox. We make sure of AI to make sure not even a single email goes to SPAM. "	
"Email Marketing is a highly volatile one. It undergoes changes every passing hour Rules and Regulations are changed every single moment by Email Providers. With Email Bot, you get an automated platform that uses artificial intelligence in order to identify the SPAM Content and filter it properly. Each Email is send using IP Rotation Techniques. We have 2300 Dedicated IPS and Powerful Servers to make sure your message reaches to potential clients or customers. "	
"Email Bot makes Email Marketing an easy venture for all its users. Developed on extensive usage of AI, it is among the most efficient Email Sending platform available which executes automated tracking, sending reports, delivery reports and click reports.  For all those who values time, money and essence of both. Email Bot is the platform to be a part of with no knowledge of programming and codes required, it is as easy as it can be to set up and get going. You don’t even need to possess extensive knowledge or any expertise of programming, our all systems and its regular analysis takes care of that part too for you. "	
Every Email Send in SPAM folder is an opportunity lost. Be a part of Email Bot NOW emailbot.io and start maximizing your profits like hundreds of others doing it already. 	
	
Works:	
Email Bot is super easy to setup and install. The support team from Email Bot helps you to set it up and get going. It hardly takes 25-30 minutes for Email Bot platform to be set up on your system and it is just a onetime set up to avail lifetime automated Email Sending. 	
"After registering with Email Bot, you just need to Configure and select the servers and Limits  "	
Auto Mode:	
"When the platform is set up on auto mode, the bot is authorized to execute the sending in automated mode. It analyzes the email content and filters it using Artificial intelligence for 100% Delivery. Setting up the platform on automated mode ensures that user never loses out on an opportunity that is there to make profit. "	
Schedule Mode:	
Email Bot platform is an ideal one for Drip Email Marketing. Drip Marketing is one of the best marketing approaches and using Email Bot you can schedule the emails. You can start a drip campaign in 10 minutes. 	
"	0"	
I was publicly commenting on Mozilla's Security Bug Bounty General Eligibility guidelines and the announcement blog post[1].	
The availability of this paper made it possible for me to participate in the discussion that involves understanding of the CFAA provisions. I could make an informed opinion about the statute's current limitations and the directions proposed to improve it.	
	
"[1] https://word.builders/objects/b4559013-373b-4649-8aaf-aca75a686785"""	0
Thanks for DASH!	1
"I'm a researcher and professor. It's so valuable to have access to recent PhD dissertations, as they distill new knowledge and new approaches. It's a great way for the student to disseminate knowledge quickly before the dissertation has been published as a book or articles."	0
"I´m working with the notion of time on intertemporal preferences. This article points to quasi-hyperbolic curve of time discounting, and it is useful for my research."	0
"I am volunteering for a non profit organization in Argentina, I am developing a donor predictive model and I am looking for ideas on this topic, there is a free access paper on this field (A logit model with iteractions for predicting major gifts donors) that gave me good ideas about feature engineering."	0
"It kept my research process going.  I was tracing a citation, found Harvard DASH via Google Scholar, and was able to download the full text of the citation I was looking for within seconds. That helps research efficiency a ton."	0
"I'm a student in Brazil and I'm writing a scientific article (it's a school project, but it has chances of being published), and if couldn't have access to this document, I don't know how much time I would have to spend trying to find another article with those informations, but I don't even know if there is another one. This article was crucial to my article."	0
"I had an MRI of my brain that had some findings whose significance I’d been uncertain about, and the provider who’d ordered it told me these results were “unremarkable”. I’d wondered why the clinician that completed the report chose to remark upon them anyway, so I looked for some basic explanation in Google. The only hit took me to your site, which I hadn’t seen much of since grad school. Thanks!"	1
I was preparing a speech about the Peanut Butter controversy and how it was solved. This article was really detailed and mainly trustful for me to use it as a source. Thank you for sharing it with the public.	1
I am studying the conflicts between morals and behavior (psychologically). I doubt the advantage of some political sanctions and want to know how economists think about it.	0
"As a retired scientist, I am considering becoming a mentor of the ECAP program of the Global Pathways Institute.  The Director of the Global Pathways Institute is the primary author of Pathways to Prosperity Project Report so I thought I'd like to read the report in preparation for the ECAP Mentoring Program information session later this month.  Thank you for making it available!"	1
"I am a researcher from Turkey, I needed to read an article so thank you for DASH"	1
"I am supervising a PhD student in Nairobi, Kenya. I am a professor of surgery at the university of Nairobi, Kenya"	0
"I’m writing my Masters dissertation on feeling and affect theory in contemporary theatre, this paper has been a huge help and source of inspiration for me."	0
"I am a korean professor in chungbuk national university, and interested in income, firm profit inequalities in relation with technology innovation. Your open research outputs system is very helpful for me and maybe other profesors who have difficulties for getting useful research outputs."	0
"I'm a master degree student, a professor, a researcher on health care education, and definetely this article will improve my research."	0
"I was really happy to read ""Mistaking Randomness for Free Will"" by Jeffrey Ebert and Daniel Wegner - for free. Thanks, Harvard! "	1
"I love peer reviewed and research backed articles! To be able to write a well-researched paper for school, especially one that doesn't have online ""connections"", the open access is crucial for my education."	0
"I am creating unit plans for AP Lit. The first unit is based on Stanford's collection of information on Locke's views of identity. After researching numerous paths for a second unit, I have settle onto Kant's Ethics, but first need to transition from Individual Identity to Ethics in the ""bridge"" between units. I find this information useful in unifying my thought over how to correlate the two in an introductory, not comprehensive, endeavor into directing the students toward their own views."	0
Dear Harvard:	
	
Open access is not special. 	
Should I thank you for not stealing the work of your equals and hoarding the loot in your ivory tower? 	
"No, and nor should you. """	1
"Hailing from the most underdeveloped state (Bihar) of a developing nation (India), there's no other way that I could access Prof. Robert Barro's timeless classic article (Are government bonds net  wealth?). I am an Assistant Professor of Economics, at a reputed college but we are always hamstrung by the paucity of resources. I am presently teaching  the topic  "" the Barro-Ricardian Equivalence "", and hence, I needed access to this celebrated article, published over forty ago, yet just as relevant for today's world. Research, for better or worse, requires capital, lots of it! But it shouldn't be perceived as a bad thing for the creation of  knowledge requires herculean human efforts. A commensurate availability of physical capital  is a sine qua non. We now live in  the epoch of Data Deluge. Good accounting turns data into information. Information when processed with rigorous  research methods, yields knowledge. As citizens of the knowledge economy, straddling the globe, we should be appreciative of the efforts and money put into the creation of its most critical input (.i.e. knowledge). So, paywalls put for many articles, are more justifiable than not. At the same time, a most generous initiative by Harvard DASH to freely make available articles that are echoes-in-Eternity and other illustrious publications, for the wider public around the world, truly deserve all the plaudits and thanks. Thankyou DASH!"	1
"I teach History of Political Thought in a Mexican University. I am interested in the demystification of the ""official"" history, given through interpretations, concealments and deformations on the part of European and North American historians and scholars. I am interested in teaching the truth. Making a research about the true meaning of the Athenian democracy and about its precedents in the Middle East. "	0
I am tutoring someone who is doing a dissertation on teachers' perspectives on using metacognition strategies for reading comprehension... such strategies include self-monitoring whether one is understanding... how do we know when we know and vice versa... so the relevance of DKE for metacognition is of interest.	0
PhD Criminal Justice student	0
tweet	0
"I am writing a book on the parallels between human and avian vocalization. The respiratory system provides the ""power supply"" for vocalization in both. While the book is research based, I hope to write it in a way that makes this topic accessible to  anyone who is fascinated by birds and birdsong."	0
Harvard Open Access has enabled me to get the best information that is largely unavailable here in  Africa  pertaining to my final dissertation.	0
"I am a registered occupational and organizational psychologist in UK and CEO of the BLC Group. As all our work is evidence-based, We need high-quality and diverse resources to inform and support programs, tools (eg. Surveys, psychometrics), workshops etc., that we deliver. We rely on Harvard resources as a high-quality reference for research."	0
"I'm a freelance writer living abroad in a third world country. I'm not a reporter, just an expat living abroad. Where I live I haven't had much use for digital payment systems, and transferring money into its digital dollar equivalent is costly and time consuming. In addition, I don't make so much for my work that I can regularly pay for scholarly papers, but I want to present accurate info in my writing. I found that Harvard made a particular paper available for free and I was so relieved because it contained information that I found it difficult to find elsewhere. $30 is money I can use to buy food for my family or pay the water bill. So thanks very much."	1
"I'm an audiovisual archivist writing a grant which seeks funding for digitizing orphan works on VHS and other magnetic media. If we don't migrate these materials now, their content will be lost - forever. This article will help allay the concerns of the granting organization and our institutional partners surrounding copyright infringement."	0
I'm a UK dentist studying a post-graduate certificate in Medical Education. Access to this article will help me to understand and explain construct validity towards a modular assessment. Thank you for sharing access!	1
"I am a retired surgeon, one of the worst parts of retirement is losing access to scientific articles. When I wrote surgical papers, I published them to share knowledge. No I find that unless I pay a lot of money, I don't even have access to papers I have written. Thank you for making knowledge freely available."	1
"This really gave me the opportunity to work on research without having to worry about being able to access articles through my employer. I would not have been able to read this study, and I am so grateful to Harvard for providing open access to journal articles. This really levels the playing field and makes research more equitable for all."	1
Ive used this in my assignment for Public Health. thanks for making this available. Grateful for the open access.	1
I'm a Secondary teacher who is looking for original materials to give to their students in order their can learn and get used to read papers. I think it's awesome you have open access to some materials: thanks for DASH!	1
"retd prof, thank you for access in India"	1
I am Colombia scholar working on research and enjoy and appreciate the opportunity to access actual an interesting papers in line thanks to DASH at Harvard	1
"I just finished my undergraduate degree in economics two months ago, and I was stubbornly sure of the fact that it (economics) was of barely any interest to me. That was until I came across the captivating world of Behavioural Economics, where all of a sudden so much more made sense, and I have recently begun my own research in order to study and better understand this field. I have been scouring the internet for relevant material to read, and coming across an open access paper by some rockstar economists was truly exciting. Here's hoping that this paper takes me a step a ahead in my journey to understanding and appreciating Behavioural Economics."	0
It is super helpful for the methodology part of my dissertation. Thank you so much to make it available for the public.	1
"Intern in the Institute of economics of happiness in Paris, I gather a nudge database and thanks to your article it keeps growing !"	1
I am a surgical pathologist searching for information about IgG 4 related disease and found the Consensus paper  in Harvard open access. Thanks for that.	1
"I am a Med Surg nurse of 11 years working in rural health in Cottonwood, ID. Our small Critical Access hospital sees a wide variety of  patients with varying healthcare concerns, including wound care. As a nurse  certified in wound care, I am continually seeking new information to provide the best care possible. Harvard Dash/Open Access and like services are vital because they help  healthcare professionals anywhere bring  the expertise and scale of Harvard to anyone- and that, equals better healthcare"	0
I am writing a book on ritual and freedom.  This article enhances my chapter on family rituals/dinner	0
"At Escalera Foundation we take evidence on existing education projects to design and adapt interventions to our local context. We feel inspired by innovative approaches to fight poverty and try to apply lessons learned around the globe to improve, compare and evaluate our current programs; we are thankful for having scientific resources to guide our aid efforts, so we can focus on what works better with a peace of mind."	1
Researching the Adam and Eve story in Genesis as a possible conquest myth originating in northern Mesopotamia/Syria	0
"I'm writing a book in an accessible and introductory language - the kind of book that is not REFable in the British academic system. I am writing it as an independent scholar, so having open access to Harvard articles is essential. Open access enables learning and communication that would not otherwise be possible."	0
Doing research on the garden club of America and the civic programs they joined during the Great War.	0
I am a graduate student of education from a different university and am always looking for additional resources - this has been so beneficial in enabling me to complete my assignments and grow as a learner in my field!	0
"I'm a high school student passionate about history in Eastern Europe, the ability to read dissertations like ""The Eye of the Tsar: Intelligence-Gathering and Geopolitics in Eighteenth-Century Eurasia"" by author Gregory Afinogenov is great for a student like me who doesn't have the income to afford the actual academic books written by historians. "	0
i was looking for an article on heterocyclic amines and accidentally came across this article about cooked vs raw food that i found to be very informative and satisfy a thirst i had regarding the consumption of raw food.	0
"I am a second year student at a college in Israel, and I find it difficult sometimes to gain access to many articles crucial for my papers. Thanks to DASH I can write my papers without sitting in the library for hours at a time."	1
"I am a farmer who writes articles for local farmers' markets on the history of food and farming. Since I am not at a university, it is difficult to access the scientific literature.  Many journals charge very high rates to read an entire article even though it has been years (or in this case) decades since it was published. Thus, I have to rely on abstracts or find someone at a university to get the article for me. Thanks for providing this article."	1
"I'm writing my memoir, xxxx, and was denied birth control pills in Texas in 1964. Your article helped me research the law at that time, under which a doctor refused me pills as an unmarried eighteen year old. I became pregnant shortly after and lost my first-born son to adoption, leading to lifelong suffering. Thank you for your policy of open access."	1
"I am a Bachelors of Nursing student in California writing a paper on the benefits of implementing single payer health coverage in California. I am using comparison to Canada to illustrate how factors such as preventative care investment, bargaining power, and elimination of redundancy can be improved as shown in Canada in several ways. It was really helpful to have access to this document so easily and for free. Thank you"	1
"It's helping me to learn more about the world around me, even though I've already graduated from college and the access to scholarly articles that entailed.  I am discovering new interests all the time, and it's invaluable to be able to access scholarly work to learn more about these ideas.  Open Access allows me to develop my own well-informed opinions based on ethical and non-biased research."	0
"I am currently researching different fields of interest to develop my PhD proposal, and good governance is of particular interest. I do not have access to many academic manuscripts, so I highly appreciate the Open Access provided through DASH."	1
Marney and Sienna-Beth’s Story - In the Best interest of the Child.  My two-hour old baby was unlawfully removed from my care before any investigation took place. As a result she did not receive her colostrum and was denied my breastmilk. 	
	
"She was eventually restored to my care, and is an amazingly smart and beautiful now nine year old. In kindergarten she received an award for being “The most outstanding communicator” at school. She has thrived academically in all areas with the exception of her gross and fine motor skills. Whilst she is in advanced maths and english classrs and her lexile reading level is that of a grade 6 child, and she is in grade 3, she cannot ride a bike and has always been somewhat clumsy. After doing much research it appears that a certain protein or chemical or hormone found in high levels in breastmilks, which assists with muscle development, coordination and gross motor skills. I feel thst my daughter has been ripped off so to speak and i ammout of ideas to help her. "	
"	0"	
"I've already done this, but I clicked the link just to say that I am idly awaiting my course materials from Thompson Rivers University, BC (Canada) and it is so nice to come across some intensely operational division... I shall read on."	0
"Thank you for making this article available. My master's degree is in theology, but my passion is 18th century luterature. I found this article to be fascinating and it helped to increase my understanding of a complex poem."	1
I am a nurse working with BMT patients -I am always looking to learn more about this unique population	0
"I am a linguist -- an Indo-Europeanist, actually -- and am, of course, interested in the origins of farming in relation to the spread of IE."	
"	0"	
"I'm a German high-school student and I'm a few days away from graduation. For my final grade I have to do a presentation on ""facts vs. emotions - which truth do we choose?"". I've found this paper to be very helpful to understand the science behind the choices we make."	0
I am an undergraduate at uchicago studying philosophy and politics over the summer - this thesis is both refreshing and detailed and I will be sure to incorporate it in my writing.	0
"Retired V.P. for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion"	
"For years have seen the direct results and effects of these disparities."""	0
I teach a Political Science Course on the U.S. and Arizona Constitutions at Pima Community College in ucson	0
"I am writing a review about the resistance of IMA to develop atherosclerosis, and this is a very important article to my revision, so I want to thank Open Access, because I haven't a grant to develop this investigation, only to do experiments and is so few money."	1
"Where should I begin? Naturally, I must incredibly thank you for this collective and controlled opportunity to engage minds in the anticipation of ideas and broad base of freedom for learning. It's exquisitely understood that the law is a human made process of our moral recognition, so as much information that can be shared among various perspectives allows challenge precisely contained and openly distributed. I have a story; who does not? But you will have to contact University of Toronto (Mississauga campus) if you would like full disclosure. Thank you. xxxx"	1
I am a student. I am hoping to work in some capacity regarding educational inequity - specifically in developing countries. Thank you so much for helping provide access to education. It only helps to further assist in helping marginalized populations around the world make stride in steps leading further from poverty.	1
"I am graduating with my bilingual Honors Bachelor of Science in Psychology from York University in Toronto, Canada this year. I am currently using an article from Open Access on the effects of bilingualism on grey/white matter volume in old age to complete my final paper for my seminar course and complete my degree!! Thank you!"	1
"When helping my clients or just furthering my own knowledge on a topic, I feel it's essential to go beyond the basic news headline and actually access the full article. You make this transparency possible. Thank you!!"	1
I'm currently studying for my Risk Management exam. Curiosity led me to this paper. I would have never gone in depth in the argument if I wasn't able to access this resource so easily ( of course there is always a place on the internet that stores a free copy of papers ). Now guess what.. I will do my thesis on  this model. Thank you Harvard DASH!!	1
Am working on creating 503 (C) Been incredibly informative how to create most effective NPO...esp if I want it to last beyond a single leaders tenure. Thank you being able to access this crucial article.	1
"I work for The Younique Foundation, a public charity that inspires women to heal from child sexual abuse. We believe education is crucial in helping survivors normalize their symptoms and experiences, so one of the things we do is teach them about how trauma affects the brain. Public access to articles like this make it easier to provide accurate, evidence based education for our survivor communities. Thank you! <3"	1
"We are a high school in Wellington New Zealand, doing critical analysis of literature at Year 13 (the equivalent of Grade 12). My student is attempting to analyse Battle Star Gallactica from an eco-critical point of view."	0
so nice to read and understand and use the latest techniques . Special thanks	1
"I have relied on the extraordinary generosity of many brilliant researchers and thinkers working in universities who have chosen to post many of their papers (some indeed embodying some of their most important work) online, making them available for free or at modest cost.  I'm sure that there are many passionate amateur scholars, journalists, and activists who have benefited signally from such access. My guess is that such access such this has played a vital role in the intellectual enrichment of our culture, the enabling of forceful thoughtful political dissent, and so on. I am eternally grateful to all those kind souls who gave me their best thoughts without asking for anything in return save that they be considered carefully and with proper credit to themselves."	1
"I'm a chemistry/AP Chemistry teacher at the xxxx.  I am launching a high school biochemistry for the the allied health sciences course next year.  Biochemistry is a difficult subject to teach to students who whave not mastered two semesters of college level chemistry.  I am interested in taking a case study approach to introducing my advanced students (most have taken AP Biology, AP chemistry or both) to a narrow slice of the field of biochemistry.    It is helpful to access student and instructor perspectives on problem based learning.  Thank you for this avenue."	1
I am a Special Education teacher of 13 years who has worked primarily with students with mild to moderate behavior challenges in the classroom. I anticipate sitting for the BCBA exam late this year or early next year. I am doing research on disrespect as it relates to classroom management as a presenter at Professional Development opportunities.	0
"I have been out of school for a year now, and so I no longer have the immersive and massive access to research materials that most universities provide for their undergrads. As a prospective grad student, having free access to these materials are a necessity for my own scholarly development."	0
I am a health management student at the Portuguese National Public Health School and i am preparing and researching the determinants of health for advance health economics.	0
"I'm doing research on concepts of citizenship as they have evolved in Native American, Hispanic, and Anglo cultures in New Mexico.  this article is highly suggestive of key elements in the development of Pueblo inter-tribal relations before and after the Pueblo Revolt and as such is highly relevant to my research.  Thank you for your open access!"	1
It's first time in use. I think This DASH is very useful for health professionals.	0
"I'm a speech pathologyst, specialist in ocupacional Health and Safety, doing my máster degree, at a Federal University called UFCSPA, in the south of Brazil. I'm doing a sistematicc review about Health promotion and the integration with ocupacional Health and safety with hospitals workers. Obtain this article was very important for my research."	0
I have a part-time role as expert lecturer on heritage and cultural topics for a leading upscale cruise company. Since joining them in 2014 I have been invited to travel further afield as my presentation style apparently sits well with their guests. This means I am now increasingly stretched in terms of my existing understanding of some of the places and topics I am asked to talk about - Harvard DASH has allowed me to access many early authoritative texts that provide me with the knowledge and understanding I need to delivery top rate lectures to the company's passengers - many thanks!	1
"I am a scientist working on crustaceans (Ostracoda) and will take part on a selection for a Professor position in Brasil on Arthropoda. Here the first step while choosing someone to be a Professor is a written test about the theme of the position. Therefore, although I work on crustacean s I need to learn the basics and new, advanced scientific results on all arthropods. That's why I looked for this paper on paleobiogegraphy of myriapods and found your website."	0
I´m a costarican student doing my grad thesis with very low budget but a lot of love. Free access to papers makes the difference for me and most students in developing countries.	0
I am a Masters student of Gestalt psychotherapy in Ireland. it has been a privilege to have access to this free article as it has helped me in my own understanding of the roots of my field in psychoanalytic theory. I was able to reference it and follow a new line of thinking in my own work. I would be so grateful if more articles in this area were made available.	1
"Kleinman and Hill-Clifford reflect on how to carry on from Goffman, _Stigma_; that asks some of my own questions.  My own comments are at xxxx,"	0
"I'm an assistant professor and researcher, currently working on the mechanisms of genome elimination from germ lice cells in hybridogenic vertebrate. Materials shared by DASH anable my students to use new informations in their assigned work. It also helps me in studying cell-cell signalling pathways resposible for maintenance of the germ line. Thanks a lot for your Open Access initiative!"	
"xxxx"""	1
"I'm just a working adult going back to school and I needed to find an academic abstract. Given the assignment, I wanted to look deeper into whatever abstract I acquired for my research assignment, learning the details beyond a summary for any follow-up questions in the ensuing discussion. I haven't had the discussion yet, but I appreciate having access to this so much I felt compelled to say as much in this form. I feel far more prepared for an intense discussion than I ever could without the ability to parse through this whole document. This DASH thing is an incredible program, and I hope to see more like this moving forward."	1
currently studying International Commercial Law through the London School of International Business.  This article was cited in Tsingou 2005: Global governance and transnational financial crime which i was reading for my International Banking Law module and therefore wanted to download and read myself	0
Lets me get lots of free research for school projects. Love it!	0
"I am researching the use of standardized testing in secondary schools. At this early stage of my research, I am examining the various views on standardized testing. Richard Phelps cited this paper by Professor Koretz. I  want to read it for myself to determine if Phelps interpreted it correctly."	0
"After getting tenure at UCLA and loving research since grad school, I had to move to NY -- and then to MD -- to be close to my family. This has been a tough transition for someone who loves research so much. Right now, I teach teach psychology at a community college where we have virtually no research infrastructure. I have no lab, for example, and no grad students or RAs. As a result I conduct a lot of research using archival data sets (e.g., census records, UNDP data, CDC data).  This paper proved to be extremely helpful to me in a cross-national study of collectivism."	0
learner	0
"As a high school Public Forum Debate competitor, success requires always being up to date on the most comprehensive studies and articles related to topics from U.S. participation in the North American Free Trade Act to the use of federal background checks on sales and transfers of guns. Being able to access articles through Harvard's Open Access has allowed me to be able to debate confidently and competently on a wide variety of subjects at tournaments across the country."	0
This thesis has results that are pertinent for a book I am completing. This examines the habitability of red dwarf planets.	0
Using for revision for my a level!	0
"I'm a recent college graduate working my way toward a PhD program. One of my goals in this process is to have a research agenda well-defined and potentially even have some completed research work which I can use during the admissions process. This goal is important for my PhD endeavor: becoming familiar with a body of research helps me assess academic programs and prepare for an academic program, and also familiarity with actual research helps me get an accurate sense of what professional academics actually do. "	
	
"But, unfortunately, many journal articles are paywalled. I find it frustrating and demoralizing to hit a paywall when following a line of research citations. Shouldn't knowledge be free? Making knowledge accessible to as many people as possible maximizes the probability of someone """"standing on the shoulders of giants"""" to create new knowledge. "	
	
"I want to build a career for myself where I feel like what I do makes the world a better place, and I notice that most of the individual academics which I've came into contact with seem to share a similar motivation. So, there is a rather stark contradiction here: sharing of knowledge makes the world a better place, this is a significant objective for most of the people who publish, but access to their product is so often restricted. "	
	
"All this to say: thanks for the open access initiative, I very much appreciate it and I think it is the right thing to do on principle. "	
	
"Here is the article, in search of which I found this """"Open Access Feedback"""" page - Weitzman, M.L., 1998. Recombinant growth. The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 113(2), pp.331-360. (https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/3708468/weitzman_recombinantgrowth.pdf?sequence=2)"""	1
I am Author of a paper (Architecture as a human right matter) and see this article a very good work which I can benefit from. Thank you.	1
Helped me access texts I needed for my PhD on the one-sex body.	0
I am a graduate student in the Masters of Information and Data Science program at UC Berkeley and it is such a relief to be able to view papers through DASH and Open Access. It is so frustrating to see knowledge and academic leadership locked behind the various paywalls of academia.	0
I am looking for material on Alain Locke.  He entered Harvard College in 1904 and later obtained a B.A.  I wanted data on the typical level of education of Black and of white Americans in that era.  The data and graphs are quite helpful but not the complete story for my purposes.	0
Im doing an extensive research on tempo and music perception for a big project and found this to be extremley usefull.	0
Providing open access to scientific information is contributing to development of humanity. Thank you!	1
You gave me that wonderful feeling that results in having access to papers key to one's research - thank you so much!	1
"Have been self treating my psoriasis with light (uvb, blue various red frequency’s with some complete remissions of various patches."	0
We are a small town that experienced 12 suicides last year.and are looking for a way forward.	0
Thanks for DASH! I am researching on Islam and Leadership. This resource is very helpful for me.	1
It has helped me access articles that I couldn't have read otherwise. It was nice knowing that the Harvard community cared enough to make knowledge more accessible :)	1
"I´m a man who lives the math, and Like to know more than I know, which is lower the basics methods, but my will is eager to know much."	0
"I was having a hard time finding the appropriate perspective on a particular aspect of my research and then on the DASH site I found a very useful piece. Thank you very much for the article by Lawrence Buell 2014. ""Environmental Writing for Children: A Selected Reconnaissance of Heritages, Emphases, Horizons."" In Oxford Companion to Ecocriticism."	1
"I teach high school juniors-AP Composition, in far northern Maine. We're studying Macbeth currently. Upon completion of the play, I want students, like in ""They Say I Say,"" Graff and Birkensten's book, to enter the conversation about Shakespeare's play. I'm thinking of giving students different copies of literary criticisms, having them read these, then write their own, conversing with the author, agreeing, disagreeing, adding their own point of view, in an attempt to have them respond to someone else's view, giving their paper an, ""underlying motivation, which helps readers see why what we say matters, why others should care, and why we need to say it in the first place"" (Graff and Birkenstein 185). I'm trying to help students write a paper that makes an argument about some aspect of Macbeth that can be interpreted in many ways, by entering a conversation started by another author. "	0
"I am a third year medical student writing a review article on the complications of tattooing.  Access to this article (Rapid response of tattoo-associated cutaneous sarcoidosis to minocycline: case report and review of the literature) is very helpful in writing the section on sarcoidosis, as this article suggests a fairly unique treatment."	0
"I have been working in education sector for the past 30 years as a teacher, educator and as a manager as well. My primary field of interest has been Early Childhood Development (ECD) research, teaching and program design in the past 5 years specially. I have greatly benefited  from the ECD resources from Harvard   University particularity from the literature on brain development in early years. In Pakistan, we lack such research based literature on brain development. In fact,  there is lack of awareness about new research on brain development among our educational communities in Pakistan. Therefore, I have used Harvard open learning resources in my sessions and workshops for teachers and parents and for educational managers to raise awareness among them on neuroscience research. I trust Harvard resources more than any other literature in the world due to its name and also because all leading scholars of ECD use Harvard resources.  I often translate these resources in to Urdu for better understanding of the participants and teachers. Thanks to Harvard for sharing free resources to spread new knowledge around the world."	1
Biology Student	0
I am a Registered Nurse taking classes towards a Masters Degree in Law with emphasis on Healthcare. Thank you for Open Access.	1
"I am a university level English teacher and writer living and working in China. I review, revise and rewrite student theses as well as various research papers sent to me from Chinese professors and instructors. The pieces I receive are translated from Chinese to English but remain rough at best, incomprehensible at worst. In order for me to write the paper in the way that the authors intended, I need to 'get into the heads' of the original authors. I can best do this by acquiring a deep understanding of the paper and that means I need to read the referenced works that frame the research paper. Your site is an open door that helps me accomplish this task."	0
"I am teaching a 300-level class in child development.  Each week we cover a different theme/topic.  I give the students 4 articles to choose from.  When we meet, they form groups according to which article they read.  They share key learnings from the article in their small groups and then a spokesperson (or two) presents those key points with the whole class."	0
I am currently working on a paper that discusses the issue of workplace violence and this particular study is referenced in Gill (2014).	0
It's always nice to read others point of view and actually listen and understand to what they have learned in their writings.	0
I am a high school freshman using an article for my end-of-the-year 420 point research paper.	0
"Im from uruguay, psychology student doing an activity for the university. This acces ment a lot for it."	0
As a retired academic I am doing pro-bono research for an underfunded government agency involved with consumer protection.	0
"Makes current information available for projects that could affect many so the initiator can consider current applications of theory and, sometimes, proof. A building tool."	0
I'm a researcher writing on transparency and its limits. Using the Berkman's center report on the presidential elections for a paper Im working on for a presentation at a conference in Germany next month.	0
I am putting together an Animal Studies elective with theory simplified for Year 8s.	0
"I'm an architecture student studyung the diversity of people in public space. By the end of my work, I want to design a public space with a park and public library, considering the space as a potencial for different people to meet new people."	0
"I am researching methods for effectively writing job descriptions and therefore designing positions for job-person, job-team, job-organization fit. This research will be published in a forthcoming book (March 2019)"	0
"I LOVE that you make articles like Buell's available! I am on sabbatical from my college English work, and I'm looking at the realist issues involved with writing about,and representing, climate change. This article poses some of the key questions I'm asking. We NEED to have access to good scholarship, to challenging arguments, in order to truly grapple with climate chaos. Thanks very much."	1
"I am a professor at CIDES UMSA, in Bolivia. Our university has not purchased access to these journals. Thus, I am very glad you have made this paper available (will be using for my class on the ""natural resource curse"" "	0
"Ezra F. Pratt was my maternal grandfather.  My mother, his last child born to him was out of wedlock.  Six years ago I found out through DNA that he was indeed my grandfather.  He was a multimillionaire and his addition in Holmes Grove of Malden is still standing.  He built forty-one Victorian style homes, and his streets were forty feet wide.  He named his streets in honor of his children, Elsie, Earl, Grace, and Cecil Streets.  I was told by a relative who lived in Malden, and in addition I looked up the information of the railroad tracts very close to Mr. Pratt's development.  The Malden Library sent me many articles about my grandfather when I very first suspected he was my grandfather.  I enjoy seeing photographs of the houses at line the streets he named.  Some of those houses even had speakers in them in 1895.  He was only thirty-five when he developed Holmes Grove which is amazing."	0
"Worked in for profit industry  sued whole industry. Case was unsealed recently. Too many pillars of sand in your research. Case in point, why do call centers do their best work setting appointments from 9 to 4? Unemployment. Why is there a paucity of evidence for job placement? Ask those who run these schools...There is no evidence because the needle doesnt move AT ALL. But for profit ""partnership"" at ASU and Purdue seems to be working out ""fine"". Research needs to be done as to ""who"" and ""why"" these institutions exist at all, rather than going positive and negative dry tomes about the faux dichotomy of regulation versus innovation, balancing etc..."	0
"I have had relatively severe bilateral HSV (herpetic) keratitis for the past 3 years and found this open-source article while looking to educate myself on treatment options. Because I have a background in biology and a high degree of familiarity with scientific studies and academic articles, I seek out peer-reviewed research that is relevant to my condition in order to stay informed. This article deals with the efficacy of gancyclovir, a topical ophthalmic gel that I have been prescribed in the past with a good outcome, but which is no longer covered by my health insurance. Part of the reason I want to be better informed about this treatment option is to be able to talk with my doctor about whether or not it would be worthwhile to prescribe and use even if not covered by insurance. This article was an excellent source of information about the ophthalmic gel itself and about treatment of HSV keratitis more broadly. I am very grateful to have been able to access the full article, as I have found that being an educated and well-informed patient leads to better dialogue with doctors and better outcomes."	1
"I am a PHD scholar from Pakistan. One of the biggest hurdle or barrier in writing my dissertation is lack of access to the latest journals/articles/books. All the good sources are paid and are too expensive for me to buy. I tried to access an article knowing it won't open as all good articles are paid, but very surprisingly it was available through DASH. It is my first time and i have not went through it yet, but as i found share story button at the top i accessed it. As i want to say that yes, it matters a lot, especially for students like us who want to produce quality work but are held back due to the lack of resources. Thank you very much."	1
"I am an instructional coach for SpecEd Teachers, and a Mom of two. My rising middle school daughter struggles and always compares herself to her older brother who is two years ahead of his grade level math curriculum and the youngest in his class. Having open access to new research not only benefits my students and the Spec Ed Teachers who I coach, it also helps me learn new ways to work with my own child when she struggles to keep up with the pack and percieves that she is farther behind than she really is when comparing herself to her brother."	0
"I am an alumnus of Harvard College Class of 2015, and I'm now studying law in London. I came across an article that looked extremely pertinent to the question I was pursuing, and seeing the DASH logo when expecting the frustration of yet another paywall was such a refreshment. I think this is a wonderful way for my alma mater to give back to the global community, thanks to everyone involved in this project."	1
I am taking an online class and I don't have a resource for all the reference materials cited.	0
I work in human services running a summer literacy program with local camps serving low income children in Worcester MA.  We partner a Literacy Coach (certified elementary teacher) with each camp to encourage summer reading and writing blended with the camps recreational activities.  Attracting funders means that we need to have evidence based strategies and outcomes.  Thanks for access to your article.	1
I need this information for a report I had to do at my college and with access to this information it made it easier to do so thank you.	1
"Im a clinical dietitian working in sports medicine and human performance. Not being affiliated with an academic institution makes accessing research difficult and cost prohibitive. Unless I have open access, my ability to remain informed is made more difficult. I believe all science should be accessible to everyone- globally- regardless of affiliation or education."	0
"Hello. My name is xxxx and I currently reside in xxxx Florida. Knowledge, in my opinion, is not to be stored in the vaults of the affluent. It should be disseminated as far and wide as the internet can take it. In my case; my teenage daughters came into this world when I was nineteen. It has been difficult to finish my degree while raising two daughters on my own. They came first and will always come first. Open access education allows me to study interesting subjects when I have time and are an extremely valuable resource for scholarly research and analysis. Thank you for opening the gates of knowledge for the rest of us and keep up the great work!"	1
what do you mean	0
Thanks to DASH I can find important information from the 60s/70s in Computer Science! (Working on my Bachelor Thesis about the Refugee Allocation Problem.) *greetings from Germany*	1
Am a mature student at Queen's University Belfast. In my final weeks of my final year. Criminology BA. I am doing a policy briefing paper on support for ex offenders. On of the groups I contacted was Start 360. They go into the 3 prisons in NI and give acupuncture (ear) to prisoners with addictions. I had never heard of desistance theory until one of the guys delivering the programme mentioned it. I will be using it in my briefing paper. Thank you so very much for allowing me to access.	1
I maintain a comprehensive bibliography of English-language scholarship on Elizabeth Gaskell on my website (http://nancyweyant.com/). Open Access made it possible for me to verify the extent to which Gaskell's works were covered in this dissertation and made it possible for me to confirmed that this dissertation SHOULD be included.	0
I am working for a master degree in urban planning and policy at a Brazilian university. Still looking to frame my research on the urban transformation in Curitiba 1971-1982. Having access to DASH is very important to my work. Thanks for sharing!	1
Open access significantly help my in writing a PhD thesis. It allows quickly access valuable papers without going to the university's library. BTW it is also with benefits for authors because (as probably in case of many researchers) often it happens to me to omit papers without instant free access and finally much more I cite authors which papers are in open access.	0
I am a Masters of Research student and open access has allowed me to continue my research. Sometimes I don't have access to pivotal papers and have to wait weeks to find a copy.	0
I'm currently a doctoral student at Vanderbilt University; thank you so much for making this article available to me and others so that I can successfully complete my coursework.	1
I assign this article to my community college students enrolled in our sociology of race course.	0
"I am using this article for a presentation on the death penalty in Beijing at Peking University in June 2018. This essay was published in 1970, two years prior to the landmark decision of Furman v GA. My lecture will focus on the Furman, Gregg, and McClesky cases. In my opinion these three are the most significant and cited US Supreme Court decisions on capital punishment."	0
"Thank you for making the ""Pathways to Prosperity"" PDF available here. I am in the building stage of a project that links English curricular exercises, via crafted datawarehouse pathways, to real-life careers in the western part of Maine -- specifically in Franklin County. Reading the Pathways PDF has given me even more insight into all that may be involved with seeing my vision through. :)"	1
"Thanks for DASH! I am a PhD student and also a 30 years financial professional, interested in the causes of insolvency  and the effects on good business ideas. I do not have a lot of time, trying to research and working at the same time and Open Access sources save me a lot of time when i am using the academic browser. this article was very important for my thesis as have some clues and data to apply in my investigation."	1
I'm an adult student and I have been writing on of my last papers for my undergraduate degree.  I was looking for a work that explained the FDA regulation process and Zollinger's (2003) paper has been a perfect resource for me.	0
school work	0
i teach in a middle class private college in Thailand. This term we have a new curriculum focusing on democratic values and creativity. At the same time I have close friends working in refugee education. I see this article as a link between my two worlds...and i want to reflect on how to bridge them so that they benefit from each other. i hope this article helps.	0
"Arup is engaged in a new offering called ""Digital Master Planning"".  This offering is centered around leveraging data to transform the human experience in the built environment.  All systems are integrated and new value is found in the data was locked in siloed databases.  The information provided assists Arup is being a better advocate for its clients."	0
retired renaissance scholar (Bristol University\)	0
This open access has given me instant access to a dissertation that will help me with a paper I'm writing for my doctoral program. This gets me one step closer to my degree in Educational Leadership!	0
"I work as an in-house researcher for the largest school district in the state, and our budget for journal access is extremely limited. Without the Open Access resources, I would not be able to avail us (and by extension, our students) of the expertise in these pages. Today I am educating myself on how to use and report on effect sizes when evaluating our project outcomes, instead of relying solely on p-values."	0
"I reached out to Dr. Jason Ur for help in understanding archaeological sites in Kurdistan Iraq. I was working on a project for the Tenth Mountain Division, in conjunction with a U.S. Army archaeologist. This gazetteer greatly helped our understanding of the important archaeological sites in-and-around Erbil and the importance of research that is currently taking place by so many international partners. Having this information publicly-accessible for research, understanding, and further education of the area is invaluable."	0
"I came across an ad on Instagram from a Canadian company called Easter Seals. They are selling kits to text your DNA for something they have termed ""The Giving Gene"". They defined it on their website as follows; ""COMT Val158Met is a genetic polymorphism that can determine a person's altruistic tendencies."" I have focused on studying Physics and therefore did not dive to far into biology but I was very curious as to what exactly they were trying to sell as this was their only definition of their service. after learning most of the definitions online and figuring out the content, I wanted to know what they meant by 'altruistic tendencies'. This link has been incredibly insightful and informative. It has allowed me as a normal consumer to research into a product to figure out exactly what they are studying and go deeper than fancy wording that comes with advertising. Thank you for helping to keep us informed! This is the best and most comprehensive document that I have found to help me in my quest for knowledge. Thank you very much! "	1
Needed articles to write paper for Global Health - Thanks	1
"Thanks for DASH and access to story about aspartame.  I want to share my experience with aspartame as it causes vertigo and extreme sinus blockage in me, and now processed sugar causes vertigo for the past 23 years.  I've tried to share this with my physicians but none were interested.  I hope researchers will care to study this."	1
"Paying a premium of $30 dollars, minimum, just to view literature that may or may not serve your research well shouldn't sit well with any academician. Any attempt to prioritize open access over profit is a step in the right direction of truly accessible knowledge."	0
My name is xxxx and I am an economic development consultant for the DeBruce Foundation.  We are focusing on creating a pipeline to available jobs by increasing the number of young people that pursue trades.	0
I am a doctoral student. This information has been very helpful to me in comprehending construct validity and its importance.	0
I am a Doctoral student from South Africa studying in South Africa at the University of Stellenbosch. Being able to access good academic articles is foundational for my learning and exposure.  The constant worry about having to pay for articles can be discouraging and dis-empowering.	0
"retiree-compiling research on Semiotics to prepare for a discussion (on NBER, of all places) on importance, significance of the Telecommunications Act- and just how wrong the arbitrary decision by 3 US citizens as politically biased appointees of the FCC can drastically and negatively change the US economy for approximately 407 million legal US citizens. ( Yes,most emphatically, please share my story, I need all the help I can get.  AND so does every other US citizen, regardless of present individual position within the US Census 6 cohorts of of US income distribution.)"	0
I used this article both in a debate case written about animal rights and in a paper about the ethics of genetic modification	0
I'm just using this for my school research project.	0
hi my name is xxxx i am a publisher  bloger youtuber naat khwon asmashiekh-naat.youtube.com	0
"I'm an undergraduate student at the University of Sydney expanding my knowledge by reading dissertations. It's an heuristic method, but it works pretty well."	0
I am training to be a Play Therapist with PTUK in the UK. Thank you for making this resource available while I am researching and looking at the work of Child Development theorists for an assignment.	1
I am a high school teacher and having access to some of the work done by Harvard scholars means that my students and I can benefit from your research even if our school has underfunded database access.  Thank you very much!	1
"I am studying for cumulative exams in graduate school and having easy access to relevant papers in crucial. I can use my university's login information for some articles, but they do not have access to every single journal, and having open access allows me to reliably get the information I need faster."	0
"Hello, I'm a 3rd year Counseling Psychology doctoral student at Georgia State University in Atlanta, GA.  I am interested in research that examines the historical intersections of Western Psychology and Buddhism.  This article elucidated the role D.T. Suzuki played in making Buddhism accessible to Westerners and provided me with the information I needed for a presentation I am preparing.  Thank you so much for the open access!!!"	1
I work in a Communications function within a University in the UK (University of Warwick). We are seeking to create comms about the academic research and are seeking academic research to demonstrate how best to communicate and engage with audiences. 	
	
We are working with academic colleagues to select the Research activities and outcomes that will best resonate with audiences (without being seen to 'dumb down' or misrepresent). This article was accessed from the book:	
	
"Webb, Caroline. How To Have A Good Day: Harness the Power of Behavioural Science to Transform Your Working Life (p. 213). Pan Macmillan. Kindle Edition"	
	
"Our dissemination includes social media, traditional news channels, events and to the University's internal audiences. """	0
I do not know yet	0
"I am doing a HarvardX course - Bioethics: The Law, Medicine, and Ethics of Reproductive Technologies and Genetics and need access to this article by Prof. Cohen to better understand the topics discussed in the course."	0
"I am a translator. I am currently translating a paper written on the subject of the production and spread of ____q_ng yán xi_o p_n in East Asia. It's a fascinating subject, and anything that might shed light on the larger context of the rise of this style of writing and its production is welcome. In general, it's just great to see an academic institution, such as yours, making efforts to share valuable knowledge and resources with the public at large. Thank you for your open access resources!"	1
"I was looking for references in order to develop my PhD research proposal: the open access to certain articles is most useful. In addition, for (future) reseat hers who are also involved in professional field work where those sources are not accessible, the possibility to have them online is most added value: thank you!"	1
I am working on my dissertation.	0
"I'm a woman's health activist writing about the paternalism/patriarchy in women's health, which is worse than in any other specialty. Using this article as and example of the language-- and as evidence that we must TAKE DOWN the manarchy as soon as possible!"	
"I would love to have this resource to use in citations."""	0
"I am a 1st-year student and need to write my 1st APA paper.  I needed information regarding informed consent and regulations.  The paper by Michelle Wandler is a wonderful informative writing. With the paper being available by Harvard Dash, I retrieved important information needed to finish my paper."	0
I'm a student in a CPGE in France trying to integrate business schools and DASH represents an inexhaustible source of knowledge that permits to bring a new approach to my works considering the knowledge we learn in class is from books which are only traduced in French.	
"I hope you will share many works in the future. Thanks !"""	1
I was looking for any comment or a view on Darwall's theory and was glad to find this extensive critical comment.	0
"I'm an undergrad at the University of Wisconsin-Parkside, and being able to access articles through your platform has assisted tremendously in my research project for Transportation Geography. Thank you!"	1
"I'm a Weight Watcher leader, and out ""move more"" meetings come around frequently.  So this article on mindset about Activity, is a good topic to bring up in our meeting."	0
63 years old independent self taught student of Sanskrit for 12 years. I have a minor in Cultural Anthropology and Professor Witzels articles have been invaluable. 	
"	0"	
"I am writing a paper about western imperialism through missionary work in Korea for my undergraduate class at Yonsei University. Seoul, SK. ""Church over Nation: Christian Missionaries and Korean Christians in Colonial Korea"" is one of the main scholarship sources for my essay, given its detail and desire to shed light on points of views and stories different from the usual perception of American missionaries in most recent Korean and Western papers. This research truly enriched my understanding of the complicated history of Christianity in Korea and allowed me to perceive contemporary issues in the country with a broader lens. I am grateful for having access to this paper given it is does not represent the usual perception on the issue."	1
"I am presenting a paper on ""coordination"" the process by which local governments can gain an equal footing seat at the negotiation table with the federal regulatory agencies through NEPA and the various departmental statutes implementing NEPA; I am interested in Professor Hamburger's view of administrative procedure because when one uses the administrative process instead of this legislative process the agencies invariably prevail and not so in the legislative field."	0
"The access to the paper helped me with my assignment for a class at university. Thanks to the access, I could use the findings from the paper to broaden my conceptual landscape."	1
I am investigating properties of very low order diffusion models depending on few unknown parameters	
"Ex ;Conditional expectation AR(1) and conditional variance ARCH(1) , i.e. double AR(1) model."	
Interested in the problem of estimating the parameters and choosing the parametric family.	
"	0"	
I am writing my undergraduate senior thesis on North Korean nuclear proliferation	0
I am writing about neuroplasticity in the context of chronic pain. Thank you.	1
I just read Revolutionary Medicine by Jeanne E. Abrams and she referenced the Vaccine Act of 1813. Her book describes the enlightened republican philosophy of many of the Founding Fathers. They appreciated moral duty and understood good health was linked to a good economy. I believe access to affordable health insurance and health care to be a human right. Thank you for access to this interesting paper.	1
"I'm working on a research paper for my composition class in Austin, Texas. Thank y'all for providing me with such easy access to a credible source, and a very well published article."	1
This article is of interest for the study of the history of medicine involving the corpus hermeticum and Marsilio Ficino.	0
I am a Teaching Volunteer at the American Museum of Natural History and am in the process of learning about the artifacts in the Hall of South America.  The article on the khipu booking keeping system of the Inka is most helpful.  Thank you.	1
A social work student doing research re:  Boston Housing developments in South Boston	0
I am a RN going to school for my BSN. I am currently a Hospice nurse. I am using this article to write a paper about Kleinman's explanatory model AND because it is helpful to me as a Hospice nurse.	0
"I was looking to see if there was more research on this topic, great I could quickly see this article, can get it later at a library (I'm an adjunct professor) and/but great I could just look at this article for a quick email I needed to write Sunday evening"	0
"Hi, I am learning specialist and it is very useful to learn evey day new things to help my students. Thanks"	1
"Thank you for providing access to this knowledge. I am not part of an academic institution and in some ways isolated from scholarly thought, beyond the general knowledge the internet brings. This article enhances my life."	1
"I am a student studying towards biostatistics, a researcher, a father, the article is very crucial for my studies"	0
American citizen interested in learning about the American experience	0
"In the G-O, exponential world of 2018, the future is up fro grabs - a total jump ball. As Fred Wilson of Union Square has predicted, 3 of the top 5 Big Tech will not be on the list in 10 years. I agree. New social contracts, new alliances and more and being rewritten. I am hoping to develop an architecture that will help create the world we might want, not the one coming our way"	0
I'm a pharmacist researching the efficacy of gentamicin in the treatment of MRSA infections.  Thank you so much for providing access to research articles that help me help other people.	1
"I'm an English teacher at Boston Latin School with a unique relationship to Yeats and Sligo.  You see, my husband was born in Sligo and as a result, while we reside in in metropolitan Boston, Sligo is is where we truly live. The great plains of Moytura rises behind the house in which he was born--and coincidentally enough, Harvard's Elizabeth Gray did the Irish Texts Society translation for the manuscript which details it.  The place is layered with myth and memory--and much of my own creative work springs from this source.  As a high school teacher, in my classes, Yeats always has a place--as does the late great Seamus Heaney."	0
Was reading the CFA curriculum and they mentioned this study. I was interested in knowing more so I decided to read it.	0
"A professor asked me how to find a copy of an article published in the Academy of Management Annals. We don't have access to that but I could easily get it in a day or two via inter-library loan. I found this free copy that I could access immediately.  It's nice that Harvard has this service, which I was not familiar with prior to today. However it doesn't make up for the fact that Harvard Business School Publishing is so greedy in how it sells its content.  We pay for it once through our subscription to EBSCO Business Source Premier and then we have to pay for it again when a professor want to use an HBR article as a class reading.  We should be able to link to the HBR articles in EBSCO since we have already paid for them."	0
I am a high school drop out who has finally made it into grad school. It helps me tremendously to have access to peer reviewed articles that I can  use for my research projects. As a single mother I cannot afford to pay for articles. I am so very thankful. Access = Equality! Thank you!	1
I am a student in an online program that doesn't have open access to online journals yet. This has allowed me to complete my coursework without having to pay for each article on my own.	0
"As chairwoman of the Dutch patient organization for ICU patients and family members ""IC Connect"", and as an ICU survivor,  I am pleased with this open access article. We can use it well in the ICU aftercare and rehabilitation guideline that is currently being made in the Netherlands. Important in this article is that the link between (serious) delirium and cognitive damage is so clearly demonstrated. Also important is the advice for cognitive rehabilitation after going through a serious or prolonged delirium. Thanks for sharing!"	
On behalf of IC Connect and the Foundation Family and Patient Centered Intensive Care 	
"xxxx, former MD"""	1
"I am an Advanced Research Writing undergraduate student currently researching genetics and intelligence, which I am further looking into going to Graduate school for Genetic Counseling and a Ph.D. in Genetics/Epigenetics. Providing full open access to articles like this helps me as an undergraduate student to fuel my studies accurately and openly. I am very thankful to Harvard University for providing me this article readily where many other sources made it hard to retrieve or provided a higher level of access."	1
"Ich las die Studie über Fluor, wie es sich auf die Intelligenz von Kindern auswirkt. Denn ich hatte mich gefragt, ob es  eine so gute Idee ist, wie in Deutschland Gang und Gabe ist, Zymafluor D 500, Babies oral täglich zu verabreichen. Ich machte es bisher nicht und werde ich auch nicht mehr machen. Dem Kinderarzt sagte ich zwar, ich gebe Zymafluor D 500, aber das war gelogen, ich wollte nicht diskutieren, sondern machte das, was ich für richtig hielt, da auch in der Säuglingsmilch schon 10 mg Fluorid enthalten sind, ist das meiner Ansicht nach schon genug Fluorid. Vielen Dank deshalb für die Veröffentlichung der Harvard Studie ""Fluoride reduzieren die Intelligenz von Kindern"""	1
"Use it when bored and want to learn about something new, really interesting, helpful, thank ya! :)"	1
"I am an undergraduate student, considering a major in philosophy. This open access allowed me to find a great counterargument to a paper I have been working on before I submitted it, helping me strengthen my arguments and write a more informed and complete paper."	0
I am doing research paper on slavery and the effects that it continues to have in our contemporary society.	0
"I`m student from Kyiv, studying Behavioral Economics because in my institution there are no such disciplines. Thanks DASH for opening articles  in this direction."	1
writing a book on natural history	0
"I'm a freelance editor and proofreader, and being able to see original articles in their entirety means that I can double-check the text to make sure that another author has quoted it correctly. I can check page numbers and verify citations and references. It's really helpful."	0
I am an Access to Higher Education Student writing a research report on the relationship between Health and Socio-Economic Status. Using the free materials provided here has helped me.	0
"I was recently listening to a TEDTalk by Salil Dundani titled, ""How Jails Extort the Poor."" Googling the problem brought my attention to this report which I reference in my comment at TED. "	0
"I am a mom, wife, full time employee and a full time student.  I'm a female pursuing a degree in a STEM field.  I am almost ready to graduate with a bachelors degree in Electronics Engineering Technology with a Concentration in Renewable Energy.  Access to these articles is helping in my research and goals of obtaining my degree at 37 years old!"	0
I am a Doctoral candidate at Grand Canyon University and my project is testing the knowledge of the licensed medical providers before and after an educational program.	0
"I am a public Health professional with the Ghana Health Service. I work with the reproductive and child unit,and low utilization of modern contraceptives is one of our main challenge as a unit. Reviewing this article has helped me work on my  thesis. Burundi has a similar context to Ghana in viewing some of the barriers and the recommendations are also applicable to my country. Great article."	0
My high school debate students and I read the article in reference to a debate on humans vs. animals.	0
professor use this as exam literature	0
"We are working on a TBI medical treatment guideline, and CTE is a topic we need to address. Iverson's article will make a valuable contribution to our efforts."	0
"I am a canadian citizen finishing my degree in Argentina in the faculty of Psychology. I am now working on my thesis and it is very dificult to get access to articles in this country, my university does not have memberships to any sites containing research articles which limits me quite a lot. My thesis is on gender differences in the prediction of sexism."	0
"This article help me to find a good definition on soft power, I really needed it for an exam in International Affairs."	0
"I was an English major 1976-1980 and dutifully avoided all the ""difficult"" classes such as Milton, Dante, and Spenser. I'm now going back and trying to learn what I can of these masters with the help of sites such as Harvard DASH. From the Wayland thesis on Spenser I've already ordered and received Hannibal Hamlin's The Bible in Shakespeare, come to a greater understanding of the ""Psalm 31 woman"" which I just happened to be studying in Bible study, and have a renewed energy, almost zeal, to pursue the giant gaps in my knowledge of English Literature. No small task. Thank you so much."	1
"I am a sophomore in high school writing an argumentative essay in MLA. We could choose from 60 topics and I chose the one called Mass Incarceration but I chose it randomly and I don't really know what to argue and this is the night way after it was due but the teacher will accept it anyway. I typed in the question, ""Is Attention Directed Towards the Ethnicities of Prisoners an Influence in Reasons to Commit Crime?"" and this came up! "	0
"I read this article from Robert Sapolsky’s book, “Behave”. Searched online and find this accessible here. Great resources for a engineer without access to science."	0
I'd love to find the paper on ww2 stock market	0
"Sites such as DASH allowed me a source of accurate research papers. Currently I am researching Popullation III star formation, Redshift and Thermal Dynamic effects on Primordial Gas Collapse.  Thank you for this Current and Open Source."	1
"I am a performance consultant. So, your articles as an open source really make a difference for many people that are on the line between marginalization and the dominant white culture."	0
"I was looking for good internet sources about the Christian and Jewish (and Jewish-Christian) theological divides and how they developed, and this article helped my research into the subject."	0
"Being a Economic undergraduate student in a non english speaking country (Colombia) its really hard to get access to many papers and work for academic pourposes. I'm really glad about this feature because it allows me to access relaible sources for academic investigation and knowledge develpment. By the way excuse my english,"	0
"I just discovered this site while browsing the scholarly work on Socrates as a hoplite in conjunction with a coming speech on Socratic irony and the battle of Arginusae.  The convulsions of attempting ""scholarly"" research as an independent avocation.   Access to scholarship in an age of shrinking libraries and in  an age of digital cross referencing is a boon I only wish was available when when I was an undergraduate, decades ago,with delusions I had something to say on Socrates, but little access to materials of limited appeal.   Harvard DASH will help.  No doubt.  Thanks"	1
"Hi, I am a graduate student at Humboldt State University, in northern California. I am doing my thesis on the voting behavior of conservative women. My studies are online and I live in a fairly rural community - Ukiah - so it's extremely important to me that I can access quality research without having to drive hours to a city library. Thank you SO MUCH for making this available."	1
"I am a mentor at Liberty Partnerships Program, a drop out prevention program that serves underprivileged schools with a high drop out rate.  My students struggle academically - a result of few resources, little attention, and low confidence, held both by themselves and by others in them.  I accessed the Amy Cuddy's power posing article through Open Access and am now able to share these findings with my students, hopefully giving them a way to feel more confident when taking tests or giving presentations.  Thank you for the access to this article, Harvard!"	1
I was looking for Jal D. Mehta's work for an academic review I am writing for my Master's course and found this article through Google Scholar. Easily accessible!	0
I do not have one.	0
"Daughter of WWII ""Flying Tiger""vet; embroiderer mainly Western style; wanted to learn how to do Chinese silk work and learn why it is the way it is; researched the developmental history of the needlework even though told by scholars in West and in China that not enough existed to tell story; spent 5 plus years researching, wrote my book and self-published it(listed in World Cat)  to other needle-workers, than the general public in 2003; now am adding additionally excavated facts by scholars to add to the story after death of husband who had Alzheimer's. My book is not only on one or two hand-made items or a project how-to book, but a real developmental history. A copy of my book was purchased by one of Harvard's professors early on."	0
I am a doctoral learner who is constantly in need of articles related to my field.	0
"I'm a retired anthropologist living in a remote, small fishing village in Dongara, 400km north of Perth Western Australia, I live solely on the Australian age pension, which puts me below the poverty line in this country. For the past two years I have been teaching myself Tibetan Buddhism, with the aid of my laptop, public libraries and the wonderful assistance of open access sites like yours. Sadly, north of Perth is still frontier country and definitely a Buddhist free zone. As a former librarian I am committed to the free sharing of information in its multiplicity of form. Reference books are expensive as are pay only journal sites and very much out of my league, and besides, if I could afford to buy, there are billions across this poor sad world who need it far more than me. I know the Buddha would commend you for your actions, and I thank you every day. Namaste"	1
"I am a nursing student with in the UT system doing a community health project on one of the most poverty stricken, health-care barren, and crime ridden area of San Antonio. Through our project, we were able to aid members of the UT health system understand the complexity of these pressing issues. The article about cortisol and testosterone shed much needed light about the relationship between hormones and how/why men behave the way they do."	0
"I am student at an online course on Artificial Intelligence.  At my day job, I am founder and Chairman of a Wealth Management firm (started in 1983).  Wealth Management industry is being challenged by Robo Advisory firms (and lower fee structures).  However, wealth building in the long term is hugely impacted by human behavior (rational people do irrational things under stress).  My hope is that artificial intelligence and human behavioral science partnership might help us to better understand the clients (at individually customized levels) and build long term relationship that survive short term volatility and human emotions of greed and fear."	0
"my name is xxxx, i'm a member of a club for internet and society enthusiasts (clubforinternet.net/en). we are based in russia and our work here is dedicated to making scientific knowledge more accessible for ones who want to produce it (mostly younger researchers) and for ones who want to consume it (i.e. general public). every month we make a digest about key events and articles in internet studies. this article about yemen war online will make it into the upcoming issue, because it adds some more important details in the description of complex relationships between yemen government and internet. and every time we stumble across such a fine article, we feel like the space of free and quality knowledge deepens and expands :)"	0
"I travel a lot for my architectural research and can't carry a library around with me. There are essays here that I can't find elsewhere online. Open access also supports collective intelligence, a contemporary paradigm that we should all be aware of since it offers the opportunity for great leaps in problem solving."	0
I am a poet and am working on a poem inspired by finding some old copies of  Deutsch-Amerika when cleaning out the attic of a deceased lady. I was appalled at the juxtaposition of WWI images and ads for various products. This got me to researching the intersection of war and consumerism. I am easily distracted by interesting research.	0
"I am an Iranian. The scholarly work everywhere throughout the history has been cosmopolitan, though this is more tangibly felt in this world of connectedness; but here we are looked down upon by most of the international scientific journals, sometimes not even given right to purchase these. It really means a lot to me as a researcher not to be scolded for my identity, and to be valued by my human aspirations and what I do, rather than trivialities of nationality, race or religion."	0
"I am a nurse in an emergency room. One of my patients has this disease and was a participant in the study with Dr. xxxx. My patient explained his diagnosis and treatment plan. They also directed me to this website for further education on the disease process, the other components related to the disease. This subject is an interest to me."	0
has been helpful for information from so many topics in my projects and assignments	0
"I am a graduate student at National University taking classes online in pursuit of an M.A. in English. The NU library holdings did not have any lengthy, in-depth scholarly articles discussing Thomas Parnell's poem ""Night-Piece on Death."" With Google's help, I was very pleased to find a doctoral dissertation that includes a useful chapter that focuses primarily on this particular poem. Having access to this information is enabling me to complete an otherwise seemingly impossible assignment."	0
This article availability is enlightening to the future faster.	0
I was able to click on a link provided by my medical school tutor during a clinical reasoning session on delirium. It was a quick way to get a good rundown on the theoretical background of delirium and its causes. So much better than having to log in through the university website to get subscription access.	0
I'm a retired family physician about to give a talk to a local allotment association on Compost Heaps.  I wanted to get an up to date understanding of the role of composts in the soil carbon part of the carbon cycle.  Thanks for making this article available.	1
I'm a layperson with an interest in medical science as well as general health. I feel very fortunate that people like me can access this brilliant site. Thank you for being such brilliant communicators of medical science.	1
"I am a doctoral student studying Educational Psychology at Auburn University. In a previous life, I was a personal financial advisor and became fascinated by behavioral economics/finance."	0
"I am curious to learn more about marathon running, especially as described by Dr. Lieberman"	0
"Open access to PlosOne articles from Harvard is great, thanks for doing this!"	1
I want to understand what the requirements for informed voting in a complex society and world should be. How can a citizen vote with enough knowledge to understand the tradeoffs they are making between putative policies of the candidates? How can they assess whether the candidates know enough about the issues facing the country to be a valid representative of the views of the voter? 	
	
"These are critical questions for the survival of democracy in the future."""	0
I'm an early education specialist responsible for providing professional development for early learning teachers and program leaders. There is very little research available at no cost related to how and why teachers should address gender stereotypes in preschool.  Having access to this article was invaluable in developing continuing education for the teachers and administrators I work with.	0
"Public private partnership is a growing trend even in developing countries like India, and its pros and cons need to be studied."	0
Thank you for allowing me to use this scholarly journal for my homework- I am actually procrastinating doing my essay by writing this review.	1
"I'm very interested in interventions studies and effect studies in education. In Sweden, where I live there are almost no such studies so I must search for them in other places where this is one good source."	0
"I am trying to understand how inhibitory control develops.  I study tasks which do not involve resisting a reward, and want to understand how they relate to tasks which do.  I have found this detailed analysis of exactly what children are doing while they wait in the marshmallow task to be interesting and insightful"	0
"I am reading your article, as it was mentioned in an article of The Economist and because I think the argument it makes is interesting and the topic very much relevant for policy making. I think by sharing your articles publicly and freely you are maximizing the impact of your research and, at the same time, fulfilling the expectation of the public that science should be informing the public policy debate. As such, I think this positively affects the reputation of the Harvard University."	0
I am developing an undergraduate course on ethnicity and race in psychology and it was incredibly helpful to be able to actually read this article before putting it on the syllabus	0
"With an SSHRC grant (Canada), I am studying the restructuring of post secondary education from the critical perspective of a neoliberal agenda. This and other publications assist in shaping my arguments for a forthcoming key note address on the topic."	0
"I am required to write an essay for my English Composition II class at the University of Akron-Wayne College in Ohio, and I was having troubles finding relevant, useful studies on municipal internet services through our systems, either due to a lack of studies in our system or, more likely, below-average searching skills, as I don't use these databases often. The report that I used was easy to find, use, and cite in my paper, and I'm very grateful for it."	1
I am a mexican profesor at UNAM (National Autonomous University) One of my field of work is climate change and as I am sure you well know there are few studies in Spanish so the acces to intrenational literature is very important. Thans.	1
"I am a registered dietitian who keeps up with new nutrition research. I believe that research needs to be accessible not only to healthcare professionals but to the general public as well. How can we expect patients to learn anything if they have no access to new information? The internet is flooded with misinformation, and this can lead people to make incredibly misguided decisions regarding health and diet. It makes no sense to prevent people from having all pieces of the puzzle. Your open access policy is an amazing way to lead people toward knowledge."	0
"I am a retiree interested in social reform.  One of the books I am reading ""Healing the Heart of America"" referenced Marshall Ganz and having access to this information allowed me to further my research."	0
"I'm a college student who spent the last semester volunteering in Armenia, my ancestral homeland. I reconnected with my heritage and began to learn the language. I was looking for information about Armenian classes near Boston, but instead, I stumbled upon an article on DASH about secret Armenian languages, which I knew nothing about. Honestly, I haven't started reading it yet, but I'm so excited! I spent five months in Armenia and DASH was the first time I came across this information. Thanks for helping me continue to learn more about my history!"	1
"I am a student at Owens Community College in Ohio. I have a project that is 50% of my grade on this particular subject. All sources must be creditable, however, all the information I am finding online are either opinions or I have to buy a subscription to the cite to view the full article. This means that even if I do not choose to use this article I still have to pay for it. I am a single mother just going to school to better my son's and my own life. Taking on extra expenses is not a financial capability in my life. By allowing open access on this article it has helped me tremendously in my journey through this project and school in general. I am very appreciative of this opportunity given to the public."	0
"I'm writing a book on the health advantage of consuming whole grains from sourdough bread rather than eating processed bread. Including a chapter on why going gluten free without celiac disease may be less beneficial to health is important, as is describing the latest research on non celiac gluten sensitivity. On these specific topics there are a lot of non-scientific ""facts"" circulating and I need to be careful to stick to what is proven or the leading theory in reputable scientific circles. As I'm writing for the general public as a journalist I am not affiliated with a university where I can access research articles. Thank you for making this available to me. "	1
The articel helped me writing by bachelor thesis.	0
Excellent help for my master's thesis in Germany - thank you!	1
"I am a faculty at the North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong , Meghalaya, India. being in Periphery, at times we encounter the problem of access to a good library.your endeavour deserves kudos as this has an enriching  empowering  and enlightening affect."	0
This is very useful to my study.	0
I need this article for a university assignment related to corporate governance.	0
Title I high school teacher using this article for professional development and re-organization within the English department.	0
I appreciate that this has been shared openly! I am able to include it as part of my literature review for my doctoral studies. Thank you.	1
"Sorry, I didn't quite finish the last submission. I thought there would be another entry line. Thank you for your quick and concise review of the book on the life and diary of Perpetua. The clarity of your open journal article provided what I needed to begin to sort through the historicity and religious context of Perpetua was. It also clarified the complexity of the Montanist controversy. I can see from the article that there was a bit of politics going on at the time over the ecstatic elements of the group. It is interesting that Augustine found her life and death worthy of 4 sermons. Also, that Tertullian was connected with the movement, it can be seen that there were adherents in many places, and that there was quite a variety among adherents is also clear. In addition, the fact that Perpetua lived earlier in that window of time when montanism was less well known except for in Phrygia helped me understand the progression. Propinquity has a way of helping sort out the complaints of those much removed in time from the actual events. This brief, thoughtful, and to the point review was of great help to me."	1
"I'm a grad student who has an interest in history, theology, and psychology. I heard someone saying that Perpetua the martyr was heretical, and I wanted to understand why and what this might mean. Her story is incredibly inspiring, and her courage left an impression on me. I wanted to know the context and background of her record of her experience prior to her execution."	0
"It turns out that the process of enhancing human creativity follows certain patterns that can be contextualized and organized into a working functional deliverable system. In that vein, having access to many different viewpoints including various from Ms Amabile fosters the further development of this system.Ad Einstein said, if you have not surrounded a subject from many different mindsets, you probably don't understand the subject. Nuances and contours and complexity theory all elucidate, particularly in an exponential world. Thanks for sharing."	1
I am a social worker and a researcher from Sri Lanka. I found the open access to  DASH resources extremely useful since I cannot afford the prices for internationally refereed articles which contain scientifically proven material for use. Thank you!!!.	1
"73 yr old g-ma, searching for a source of info I can trust.   THANKS"	1
i feel i might just find you a truthful site.	0
"I can build a better transition year program for low academic achievers entering First Year University in a rural and remote part of Northern Ontario where we have a diverse community of English and French language students, as well as a strong and growing Indigenous youth population of  Algonquin, Ojibwe, Cree and other First Nations locally."	0
I research Japanese War Crimes	0
I am writing my Extended Essay on psychology  for my IB Diploma.	0
"I was working on a research project abour Gantimour - a prince of the ""Horse-Tounguses"" of the 17th cen and about The  princely Gantimurovs in Russia. Coming across a Pavel Gantimurov who acted as a Russian spy on the Russia-Mongolia-Qing border was an intresting & piquant addition to the Gantimurov Family-story... "	0
Thank you for DASH. As I am a priest I am interested in the health benefits of prayer or religion. Reading the article is a wonderful help to evaluate the latest research and to judge whether it will inform my teaching.	1
"I primarily use information channels like Isaac Arthur's as a method to understand principles in space and space related subjects and for reference materials when researching for writing sci-fi fiction novels and stories, as he has an interesting way of describing things that I generally understand. In one of his more recent videos, he referenced the article of Metallic Hydrogen as proposed by Isaac Silvera and provided the link which stated that the article was made open by the Harvard Community."	0
I'm working on my individual Project paper 'Improving Supply Chain Management in Organic Food Market ' and this paper will definitely help to my research paper but also to future Mongolian agriculture!	0
"Having access to this article has made it much easier to complete my undergraduate thesis. Given that most high-quality papers are NOT open access, I was relieved to find that this one was. Thank you for your kind consideration."	1
I'm a 62 years old to my lifetime dedicated to my family have no time nor money to academic studies. Everything I know by myself. In these opens courses in this prestigious University I will do my best!	0
I am completing a case study on Pneumonia for nursing school.	0
"I'm a PhD student in nursing.  My research involves nursing students who have chronic health conditions.  This article is helpful to me in writing a policy paper about college students who have chronic health conditions, as a vulnerable population."	0
I’m working on a historical novel and wanted some context and background for “the right of conquest.” I found a book review that was quite helpful as a starting point. Thanks!	1
"thank you for posting articles and even lectures online. it helped thousands of people including me, please continue doing such things :)"	1
"It was helpful for understanding a crisis situation, its results and the steps taken to recover from it."	0
"I too give you thanks form DASH. I download Akulov Mikhail, War Without Fronts. A very interesant book. I reed about this topic but in the libreries of my country, Argentine, there is not much books about this."	1
"I am reading ""The Invention of Nature:  Alexander Von Humboldt's New World"" by Andrea Wulf and and wanted to read this poem.  Ms. Wulf mentioned it in the book."	0
"I am obtaining my M.S. degree in criminal justice at Missouri State University. With journals being so expenisive to buy, and my schools library not being able to acess some articles within its directory, this allows me to be able to complete my work. I just wanted to say thank-you, I am a full-time mom of 3, and to be able to pull these articles effortlessly means so much to me."	1
I work as an behavioral economics analyst and this guide is important for me because I can use it for explain to my collegues this new approach. Is a kind of tool for me and that is what I need. Thank you for sharins	1
"I don't have access to a university library and I have a strong interest in history, law, religion (especially the Jesuits) so this type of access is a blessing.  Thanks"	1
"I involved in a research about how people live with non communicable diseases. So, Im lookin for some works about this matter. Im wonder find out this web site. Wonderful"	0
"I am using it to complete material for class taught about anthropology of Japan (objects, consumption )at EHESS, Paris"	0
"Need this exact article for a research paper and I couldn't find it anywhere else! Thank you! Not only that, it's something I would be interested in by myself to know about."	1
"I am a student in a clinical family counseling program provided by a local NFP organization - not an ""edu"".   As such they have no ""library"" and no access to journals.   Being able to access journal articles has helped me be more informed and hopefully more useful to my clients. "	0
Using the article in my Master thesis	0
lost twenty decades Japan	0
"I'm a chiropractor for people and animals and former assistant professor in the Integrative Health Studies Program at Northern New Mexico College (2004-2011). I am writing a book on the development and refinement of an integrative healing perspective that allowed me to tap into the body's ability to heal itself. The running story within the perspective is a narrative of my journey of healing from a series of Transient Ischemic Attacks, tumors, heavy metals in my blood, mold exposure, and other unidentified health issues. Clearly, I should not have lived. Nonetheless, I am alive to share this true story. This article will be cited in a portion of the book where I speak of reading body language, then mention how this Harvard article on how posture and power posing effects hormone release within the body. Thank you for access of this article!"	
	
"Sincerely, xxxx, DC"""	1
I'm a student and my school's database didn't have this article! This is a seminal study and I really needed it for my research. Thank you.	1
"I'm a retiree with a great interest in genomics but live in a very rural area without access to libraries, particularly university or college libraries that might provide access to this type of journal article. I'm so grateful this is free. These discoveries are changing the entire story of humanity and who we really are and I wouldn't be able to access if it were limited to ivory tower domains. Thank you."	1
"I'm preparing, pro se, litigation regarding an unconstitutional law. Papers on DASH and Open Access have been invaluable. Knowledge is mot valuable when it is given to those who seek it."	0
"I lead a Tai Chi class at the Dallas VA Healthcare center.  This research allows me to share with our group participants more of the real, practical benefits they can experience from Tai Chi.  I was aware of the beneficial hormonal response, but the application of taking power poses prior to a ""high-stakes social evaluation"" is new.  It will be interesting to introduce this concept to see how we can use it in our everyday lives."	0
"I'm not doing academic research.  I'm just a vegan, trying to learn more about the history of human food.  Thanks for letting me read!"	1
"I am a military spouse in a masters program for conservation education that is primarily accomplished through distance learning because we relocate frequently. While I have access to articles through my school, having a broader base of knowledge to draw from for my studies makes a big impact in what I am able to research, learn, and share. Thank you."	1
It is an article required for my MBA class - Dynamic Cost Analysis in Healthcare	0
I am a Master's degree (MSW) student completing an elective course at the University of Southern California	0
"I am a college student, and I am struggling to explain certain cases in my classes. I like reading Harvard's DASH materials because they help me gain perspective on the cases that I read about."	0
Reading in preparation for a University of the Third Age meeting of my Archaeology group.	0
"In an exponential world a broad mosaic of knowledge will be mandatory - going everywhere will paradoxically become part of the new labor specialization and a critical component of blending AI, Automation and Human Capabilities into a blended coherent , high value matrix. Going everywhere also helps to modify the prisms that blind us (as Stanford's Professor Robert Sapolsky is teaching his students - see also Tina Seelig, Jennifer Roberts and Amy Herman's Visual Intelligence for other example of InAttentional Blindness. While exponential technologies are providing increasing marginal returns, InAttentional Blindness in such a world is exacting an increasingly expensive burden that is compounding)"	0
"I used this article to write an essay on e-books for my postgraduate course in library and information science (University  of Boras, Sweden)"	0
student	0
"It is a HUGE help to me to have open access to Harvard research. I am a retired physician in a rural area, and no longer have access to my hospital library. I still actively teach and write, and I depend upon open-access articles to proved a solid research backing for that work. Open access also helps me direct young people (who tend to ""crowd-source"" information that is often inaccurate) to reliable research findings. Thank you so much!"	1
I am a teacher at La Salle University in Mexico and create awareness in the students of business to think open mindedly	0
This article helped me a lot in preparing for my phd proposal.	0
I am working on a book which contains explanations of Cassirer's theory of concepts. THX for DASH!	0
"Thank you for making ""Human Computation Tasks with Global Constraints"" article public. I'm working on a PhD and this is an important source of knowledge for my research."	1
"I teach postgraduate students a course on Bengal/Bangladesh history. To explain the connection between jute cultivation as encouraged by British colonial rulers and its impact on the politics and social relations in Bengal, I was desperately searching for relevant literature and stumbled upon Tariq Omar Ali's doctoral thesis. It is a great boon that the thesis is available online and  may  be easily used to teach my class. I would not be able to access the document had it not been for DASH."	0
"My name is xxxx,"	
I am 62 and believe the “leg cramps ng syndrome “ ;	
can be cured by some type of vitamins.	
    I have had this “plague” for 10 or so years now.	
I had a temporary handle on the “leg cramps” for about 5 years drinking 	
"A couple of 16oz. glasses of the ( Ocean Spray “Cran Grape”) , When "	
the product had first came out.	
       The People at ocean Spray have changed the consented product into 	
a product of almost no value to me with the last change they have made to 	
Cran Grape.	
"            Home Style Honey is a remedy to the cramps , if you can consume "	
four or five tablespoons during the day . At least before you retire.	
"             One of the larger cans of “V8” original a day , or 2 small ones"	
will leave me cramp free for a night.	
"              The Banana a day works well , but stacks on the weight."	
	
"               This is all I can foward to you at this point , I pray it will help others that suffer as I and many a childhood friend of mine do."	
"              I am currently useing quinine to eradicat this plague , since ocean spray has gotten so greedy."	
              Thank y’all for the posting of the research that was done and the references that were used.	
                                                    Sincerely 	
"                                              xxxx"""	1
"I'm investigating about ancient languages since many years ago, working on a very special personal project by my own, so thanks a lot for this very important document"	1
"I'm a doctoral student at Pepperdine University in California.  My research led me to a 2009 article by Vanessa Rodriguez: The Teaching Brain and the End of the Empty Vessel. I had just finished reading Knowles book on adult learning theory, which explained the empty vessel approach to learning. Vanessa's article was clear, concise, and logical. Neuroscience research has ended the empty vessel approach to education. Now, if we can only inspire teacher-educators who teach in credentialing programs to do the same, teaching and learning may improve in K-12 education."	0
Clinical Mental Health Major; using the article and system for graduate and licensure research	0
This article helped me complete required discussion questions about management and labor relations.	0
"I am tracing the journey the male ancestors of my father, took from Kenya to Ireland, using Y DNA, and am writing it up.  I am retired.  I have a Berkeley Phd in Cognition, and there is nothing I like better than digging into something I don't know much about.  My folk are now on the Russian Steppes - hunter-gatherers, and perhaps trying some herding . . .   If any of your folk could give me hints of where to look, I would be very grateful."	1
I am attempting to develop a needs assessment to assist in guiding our academic detailing efforts for primary care practitioners who work with Native American populations and communities in New Mexico.	0
This has been one wonderful and informative read. Thank you for the meticulous scholarship!	1
I am a psychiatrist and psychotherapist.  Utilizing this narrative of self consciousness leading to impulsive speech or behavior may be useful in normalizing this phenomenon for a number of my therapy patients.	0
"I accessed this paper as relevant background for the article on ""genetic nurture"" by Kong et al in Science, 26 Jan, 2018.  This paper was cited by Kong et al."	0
I wanted my students in Guatemala to be exposed to CLS and having access to this article is very helpful.	0
I am an academic researcher working on CSR-related topics. I could get this article fastest through your website. It would have taken longer to obtain it from the database of journals subscribed by my university.	0
"I'm a Social Work Graduate Student at University of Washington, Seattle. "	
	
One of our goals as a future social worker is to be able to raise awareness and take action to achieve social justice. It is my hope that issues such as health care access for communities of color can soon be addressed effectively in social policy and that public perspective on these issues become more culturally sensitive. Issues such as health care access for these communities is of special importance as it continues to affect different areas of development in the lives of individuals and their families. 	
	
"Special thanks to professor Sommers for his work in """" Stuck between Health and Immigration Reform — Care for Undocumented Immigrants"""". """	1
this topic is part of my syllabus	0
I edit a blog that translates research in health education and equity into practical terms for front-line providers in the field. The paper I am citing from Open Access was included as a citation by an author of a post. Being able to share it openly through a hotlink makes the blog post stronger. This particular cited paper is pivotal for the post.	0
Graduate student of economics interested in political economy issues	0
It helped me to understand the barriers to micro insurance and gain expertise in the sector	0
I am using the article for a class.	0
I'm a law student and research assistant helping one of my professors write a book on comparative mass claims processes. I believe this article will provide background information on the chapter I'm writing.	0
Your policy of open access is great.	
"I´m currently a MBA student and this article helped me a lot, thank you so much!"""	1
"I am the Head of Community for Workbar, a coworking company based in Boston. We frequently seek out ways to measure trust and social capital in our Community at each of our 8 locations and across the whole network. This type of measurement helps us develop methods for encouraging strong bonds and social capital among Workbar members. This paper and others like in (as well as Bowling Alone!) are invaluable in thinking through the problem."	0
This article is an important reference in a paper I am writing as an assignment for my Strategic Healthcare Planning course in graduate school.	0
"I'm a student at the University of Missouri. Due to budget cuts, we have less access to online databases. Being able to access this article online is helping me to complete a capstone paper on the benefits and complications of international adoption. When I graduate, I plan to go to law school to become an adoption attorney. Thanks Harvard!"	1
I am really curious about doing further research on course topics (Varieties of Capitalism analysis) and was able to find some in your Open Acces.  I am a strongly believe that knowledge should be available and free for everyone. Thanks for making a little step in that direction!	1
"As a student, Open Access has been instrumental in increasing my access to resources. Resources that were previously behind paywalls (some continue to remain paid access) are now accessible, regardless of whether or not I have institutional access. Open Access has had a significant impact on my research and writing. Thank you Open Access!"	1
preparing a TED talk for my school	0
I'm considering doing a master dissertation mapping out an area of distasteful trades and whether the distaste is offset by donations to charity. E.G. A set charitable payment so that you may jump the queue at an airport scanner.	0
"I'm philosophy researcher studieng modern german philosophy, espacially german idealism."	0
"Having access to such great work as is published through DASH have benefitted me ALOT when doing research for my BSc thesis. For this, I want to thank you alot."	1
"As a clinical manager for organ procurement for transplantation, I am acutely aware of the shortage of transplantable organs nationwide, compounded by the brief time frame for viability post-procurement. I am hopeful that supercooling may hold a key to saving the lives of thousands more people in need and am committed to supporting this exciting potential in my own small corner of the arena."	0
"Thanks for DASH!  I’m a volunteer advocate, "	
"Produce a weekly newsletter for other advocates, and"	
Am working on a Positive Psychology Certification via Coursera.org 	
which I plan to use as a speaker and blog writer.	
"	1"	
"I am a Swedish student writing an essay in my advanced English class. This essay involves research and the use of scientific papers and books. These will be our sources and thanks to the access of this paper, I will now have a great source!"	1
Kaliner's research was useful for me in the process of conceptualizing my findings during my own dissertation work at Brandeis University.	0
"Because of Harvard DASH, I was able to share with my students an important article on Syriac Christianity that I didn't have access to in print even through my large university library."	0
"Hi there, I am a grade 8 student from Canada currently working on a project for school. I decided to learn a bit more about the subject of wealth distribution and factors that manipulate it. I am considerably thankful for your in-depth insights and I love to read your articles."	1
I'm a writer doing research for a book.	0
Harvard DASH made a big difference. The article was crucial for my studies on genomics in medicine.	0
DASH allows me to read the work of HLS students free of charge. This is impactful in my life because I hope to enroll at HLS next year and being able to read what students are currently working on is very inspiring.	0
scholar	0
"I am the state training administrator for the NC Guardian ad Litem Program.  We are child advocates who serve all NC children named in abuse and neglect petitions before the court. Required by state statute, community volunteers are paired with attorneys to make best interest recommendations for each child before the court.  More than 5000 volunteers statewide served more than 17,000 children in 2016-2017.  Having access to primary sources as we train and execute for this advocacy is valuable and appreciated! My next training is referencing M. Ganz'  Story of Self, Us, Now model to help volunteers and staff frame their work, and mobilize their message without violating the confidentiality of the children we serve."	0
"Our ""frontier"" county in Oregon have been battliing over public broadband vs private for several months.   This article will help show the value of public sector competition inBroadband.  People have little idea how critical high-speed internet is to small agricultural prodcucers and rural counties.  We need to know market prices and trends,  "	0
"Thank you for making the article available and free. I am writing a  book for the Royal Horticultural Society in UK entitled 'Secrets of Great Botanists - What Gardeners can Learn' for publication this summer. The publishers are currently negotiating with an US publishing house so it will hopefully be published in the USA, too."	1
My daughter has a disease which can have life threatening attacks called hereditary co pro porphyria but cant get treated or diagnosed in the US. Carolyn Treasures story rang true for us because one if the people Dr.Robert Desnick of Mt Sinai  mentioned in the story at any Sinai has been reported by us to CLIA and he was found to have messed up her reporting of her genetic testing  its a rare disease orphan act but not really rare and he and his group would lose substAntial funding We had to take her to the EU to do enzyme testing not available in the Us though developed over 10 years ago with NIH funding. The EU center told Us the disease isn't rare we knew it based on research papers and reported my daughter has a 49.7% loss on her porohyria enzyme called CPOX. When I asked   another NIH funded Porphyrias Consortium Dr Bissell who also gets NIH funding why the enzyme test wasn't used in the US he said we have DNA. Well my daughters DNA came back with no pathogenic mutations it was only under 2016 hippa that we were able to find out  she had 10 mutations on 5 porphyria gene  and. 3 mutations with an amino acid change known to reduce the cpox enzyme carried in a large percentage of the Caucasian population and a gain on cpox. My daughter has a serious clinical history. With 4 hospitalizations temporary vision loss tachycardia of 247 bp which went for 90/49 to 200/100 among other very serious signs test resumts and symptoms. We cannot access treatment because its 8k per 4 day dose and our copy is 1600 and our Dr doesn't think our insurer will cover it based on her EU test results alone. The US test results parameters calls for my daughter to produce high levels of p bg a by product of enzyme #2 when her defiecency is on enzyme #6. Its unconcianable and we took a petition to the NIH of over a 100 signatures to get better US testing with Lila Meyer via change.org. my daughtets story is like message in a bottle we found many others in her same situation really sick can't test positive in the a US and denied basic treatment	0
I am a current researcher working on a soft robotics paper at the University of California San Diego. Having access to your amazing work greatly impacts my ability to add concrete information and citations. Thank you so much DASH for making this available for me to access with out difficulty.	1
"I am part of a Town Task Force for Block Island RI to study and recommend a broadband network to serve our island community of 1000 in winter and 10,000 plus in summer. Our only options currently are Verizon DSL, (very slow) or cellular and satellite (faster but very expensive). We believe that a community FTTH network is the best option. Expensive to build but ""futureproof"". This article was extremely helpful."	0
I was able to access articles of direct relevance to my doctoral research.	0
"Since i heard that the oceans are acidifying I wanted to understand the changes in our Earth-System. Now after 10 years of learning I have an overview on most of the changes and their interdependencies in our biosphere. All this resulted in my current project ""Our Earth - in Theory, Observations and Projections"" were i give an overview on our influence on the life support systems of our planet. This project would have never been possible without open access to thousands of the studies I was interested in. Therefore I want to thank you for making research papers accessible. Also I want to thank all the researchers who send me their papers. The best xxxx Germany "	1
"As a Word Press writer on topics relating to the criminalization of sex work researching issues on the peripheral - such as risk assessment algorithms - is essential to my being able to speak to a diverse target audience ranging from incarcerated prostitutes potentially with only a GED or high school diploma, along with students, nonprofit heads, and academics."	
	
" Open access is taking my understanding beyond the mainstream media in ways that are unexpected and enlightening!"""	0
This document was the starting point for my first scientific article and there is almost nothing else on this topic. Many Thanks	1
"I participate in several online groups for Idiopathic Hypersomnia, Narcolepsy, DSPS, and similar circadian disorders. I suffer from IH and DSPS and do my best to educate myself and others. This link was shared within a post by someone else. "	
	
"I'm grateful for open access to research because IH and narcolepsy are rare diseases. As such, very little research takes place and sufferers are left to learn what they can on their own and share it within group  forums. Thank you for providing that opportunity."""	1
I use some of these materials in my course on the implementation of public policy	0
I'm going to be interviewed on a college cable TV station and will be discussing now the nudge theory can be applied to encouraging better eating habits.	0
I am researching an issue of criminal prosecution of nuisance involving  a native American tribal code	0
I'm researching a specific line in a Kurt Weill song in order to coach a singer who will be performing it.  Professor Albright's essay here offered invaluable insights.	0
I'm a Ph.D student at University of Sao Paulo. My research is about the republican tradition in political philosophy and this article sheds some light on very important matters. Thanks for sharing it!	1
I am a student at the University Duisburg-Essen and DASH helps me to finish my Master degree and achieve my Master of Science in Business Administration. Thank you!	1
"Coming from Albania, we cannot afford buying such high quality works and our library system is too under-financed. therefore making such high quality academic works available for free is very beneficial. Esp. this article will be very helpful for me and i will use it a source on my PhD thesis on merger control"	0
I am simply thankful to have access to information and history for my own personal research and learning.	1
I am an adjunct professor teaching an Honor's College class at ECU.  This open access will not only help my students but colleagues as well. I want to thank you ahead as I openly share this research with others.	1
I'm actually working on Derrida's lectures for an art school in France. I'm a former student of Derrida and mainly Sarah Kofman in the 80's.	0
I am a student of Kyiv National University of Taras Shevchenko. I study european business law. I am supposed to write my magister research in English. Here in Ukraine we have a very little access to foreign books. Books are too expensive and libraries have only old and unrequired books. I am greatful to your resourse for this good opportunity to get info for my studies. 	
"	0"	
"www.thehempfoundation.org.nz is an organisation of doctors, patients, teachers, and other professionals. "	
We are teaching the NZ medical profession about our endogenous cannabinoid system and the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids.	
"Any free research papers we can access are much appreciated, as competing in the medical space is very expensive."	
"thank you!"""	1
"I work with disability services at a small private college and am working with athletic staff to design a concussion policy/protocol for the institution, so I appreciate access to the article about NAIA and NCAA policies."	0
"I just wanted to see how many Latin Americans made it to Harvard, how their work looks like, and if there is any remote possibility that I could make it too."	0
I was reading Dollars and Sense by Dan Ariely and Jeff Kreisler and came across the reference in the notes at the end of the book. I’m in marketing and research and doing research for my PhD and this fits my topic. Thank you for the access.	1
"I am an English teacher, currently teaching secondary level students, and we have the topic ""Art"" in our curriculum. I am planning to use parts of Roger  Scruton's video to help me introduce the topic and to bring about discussion among students. The tape script will be an enormous advantage to help me ask questions to help students focus. Thank you. "	1
Allowed me access to research needed for dissertation	0
"I'm a retiree and an independent researcher.  This article is crucial to my research project, so I'm deeply indebted to you for making it available gratis."	0
I don't have a undergraduate degree but I am thankful for access to your vast resource of papers	
"I have been able to access not only harvard papers but also columbia, Oxford"	
	
"Please use my story as I have been unable to access numerous other papers on jstor, nber and online generally "	
	
"Rationing knowledge is not optimal for society """	1
"Using the report as a source for an Essay on ""The Parameters in Cost-Benefit-Analysis for high water"""	0
"This is a seminal paper that I need for several study-related projects. Thank you, Harvard Community!"	1
DASH offers multiple quick ways to access articles by a vast array of authors.	0
"I'm doing a research, however, selected subject and methodology implies referring to non-domestic data sets as well as studying well-known fundamental works in order to develop a viable and up-to-date statistical model. Although it's rather disheartening that lots of decent works are under paywall, I'm glad that this project exists. Thanks for DASH!"	1
With access to this work I was able to apply the information to research I am doing for a class on historiography studying Leonardo Bruni as a historian and his relationship and views on Aristotle.	0
Studying Executive MBA at Said	0
"This link was not available. I wanted to read it because of personal interest. I was never able to attend college, but I am interested in anthropology - especially of the New World. I have studied enough so that now I have begun to write papers for anthro and history conferences and I am working on my first paper. I was hoping this paper would help with that."	0
"I was researching Robert Cialdini's book Influence, which lead me to watch a YouTube release at a behavioural conference in London where Elizabeth Dunn asked Robert a question and he commended her book called ""Happy Money"".  When I Googles the title a link to a paper authored by Elizabeth and Michael Norton came up.  I realised that it was a link to the HBS digital repository.  Easy transition from video library to full-text of the paper was brilliant. "	0
My ñame xxxx	
79 Heard ole	
Spaniard	
"Since june 2015 i has Been treated of giant cell arteritis With GC masive dosis, but last november I started again with the same symthom than 2015, ( lost of vision alternatible one eye or the other ) due to that I decided to look for alternatives to face up my actual situation, I have read about tocilizumab as a new arm better tan GC and metotrexato."	
Tkanks  in advance for let read your article 	
"	0"	
"I read ""The Value of Advice: Evidence from Mobile Phone-Based"	
"Agricultural Extension"""". The paper was very helpful to me to gather quick data on extension epects in the country and also on a global platform. It also helped me to recapitulate concepts related to ICTs."""	0
"I rely on Open Access a lot while researching, it helps me find useful information that i could apply in my project and it really shortens my researching sessions significantly, it also helps me find helpful info graphics to use and a wide range of experiments that i could build on for future projects. While other institutes requires payment to gain access to their scientific papers, which really bothers me off because i can spend hours and hours trying to get the information i need, Open Access provides a free access papers to be used to everyone... Thanks Harvard for the continuous support and keep it up!"	1
"I am from Bangladesh and it has been a great help to make those article free for us as we mostly cannot afford them. Bangladesh does not allow more than 300 USD to be paid by credit card online, and most of the researchers are doing jobs at a less adequate salary to afford these high quality articles. Thank you, thank you for this help. Knowledge is power."	1
It helps me see the route the researcher is taking and whether our products may help.	0
An article I Discovered was a very in depth source of information I was struggling to find other places. I am so thankful for it. Without it my high school senior project would've been much more difficult	1
It has given me the opportunity to connect with like minded development professional all around the world and also learn new methodologies and techniques from the Harvard community	0
The sharing of the literature of Haggard and Simmons and other literature provides a great expansion of knowledge and understanding that can be accessed by everyone	0
"After completing my PhD at the University of Melbourne, Australia in 1968, I was fortunate to spend two years (1969-70) at Harvard in the Biological Laboratories in the Laboratory of Professor Jack L Strominger. I returned to Australia and had a career with the (then) CSIRO Division  Food Science & Technology in Brisbane (1971-1993). In 1994 moved to the University of New England (UNE) in Armidale NSW and was Professor of Meat Science &Technology in the School of Rural Science and later Head of School (1999-2001). Following the death from cancer  of my wife of 40 years, I retired in 2004. I remained in Armidale  and  in 2009 was  recruited as University Ombudsman. This was a part - time position which I occupied until May 2015. At that time I was diagnosed with colon cancer. This was successfully removed and to date has not returned. I am re-married and, in 2015, my wife and I returned to Queensland to Toowoomba, which is a large regional city (pop. ca. 120,000) on the Great Dividing Range 120 km west of Brisbane. Last year I joined the local U3A and attended courses in Investing and Geology. As a result of this involvement, I recently offered to be Tutor for a new course Food & Nutrition whish will be available in terms 1&2 in 2018. I am currently writing the material for this course, which will start early in February. The paper Human ""Adaptation to the Control of Fire"" by Wrangham and Carmody (doi:10.1002/evan.20275) which I have just downloaded, will be a useful source for the section of the U3A course which covers the history of food and agriculture. There will be no published record of the course but the source material will be acknowledged on the relevant ppt slides. I remain an Emeritus Professor of the University of New England and am 80 years of age.."	0
I'm a student from germany and I am currently writing my bachelor thesis about responsivity of politicans towards voters with varying characteristics. I did my first field-experiment for this paper. Thank you so much for Open Access! Being able to read studies with similar topics helped me so much.	1
I appreciate the great information for my college math course at GCU. It will help immensely as I create lesson plans for ratios and proportions.	0
"I am a business student in France thinking about starting a media related business. For this, I need to self-teach myself about the discipline, as I have never studied it myself. Recent lit reviews and studies are essential in that process."	0
"I was born with albinism, and am looking to obtain a driver's license. "	
	
"Reading this document allows me to understand better the safety of the bioptic device."""	0
"I work in education policy for a nonprofit organization that has very limited access to full-text academic research due to the cost of such access. Harvard's open access articles are invaluable to my research and help ensure that I am able to use information from recent, high-quality academic studies in the reports I write for policymakers."	0
Study on political economy	0
getting Masters in this	0
The co morbidity research has helped in the teaching of undergraduate nursing programme and in joint research collaboration work.	0
"I am writing my final thesis on the (troubled) relationship between private and public life of judges and lawyers. I have found immensely useful the resource, as I debate the nature and necessity of deontology."	0
Thank you for sharing this.  I teach an Excel class and I try to emphasize the importance of critical thinking by sharing stories of Excel errors and the resulting impact on society.	1
I am a retired high school science teacher who has always been an active reader of science journal articles. I cannot afford the expense subscriptions to the journals incurs. Access like this allows me to indulge in my hobby of researching every topic in science under the sun. Thank you.	1
I needed an academic insight into prevalence and uses of nudging. This article helps me a lot.	0
"I have to critically review three research papers as part of my Level 5 HR Management course.  The internet is full of information but unfortunately, not much of any value is free.  Its pleasing to find that this site is kind enough to share its knowledge.  Well Done and Thank You!!!!"	1
"I was searching for a connection between the vedic practice of 'tapas' and the much later Tibetan meditation of 'tummo' and managed to find one here in Ms Kurfitova's masters thesis, due to your open access policy, which is much appreciated ."	0
I am looking into the work that Harvard students pursuing a Ph.D in Education have done. It's helpful to compare my interests in education reform and paradigm shifts to what has been written about.	0
I'm a HLS LLM prospect candidate and very grateful with DASH iniciative.	1
tryna study	0
Allow me to read empirical articles for my dissertation.	0
provided a helpful quick check on protest biomineralization	0
I Just had a shave biopsy on my temple last week.  It is infected with 3+ Staphylococcus Pseudintermedius. I am using 100 mg Doxy and topical antibiotic ointment. I am  very concerned as I don't know much about it.  Need to have Moh's Surgery on that site in 2 weeks.  Any input is appreciated.	0
"After hours of researching and finding only abstracts instead of full documents, I finally come across a journal from a credible source, that I don't have to pay for. Information should always be openly available, thank you."	1
I am a researcher/artist from India with very limited access to high quality scholarly journal. I chanced upon an wonderful dissertation on music theory. i will be extremely helpful in my practice based research on painting	0
"I work in a small college where we teach about ecology, spirituality, social issues etc  We grow food and cook with it and brought in food for the college community. Food is an important feature of student experience. We have a food group and realised many of us still hadn't properly understood the meaning and uses of the term organic. Your paper will be useful in our discussion on this topic."	0
"I am and Analyst working for Lake County, CA Dept of Social Services - Child Welfare Services.  The County has initiated a multi-agency working group to initiate a recruitment and retention program for Resource Families and Foster Parents.  I found your document as part of a compilation of materials at the Child Welfare Information Gateway (CWIG), and am using the resources at CWIG to develop a resource index for the working group so we might develop a local recruitment process here in Lake County."	0
"I'm a graduate student who has been researching Joseph Nye's work on soft power. This article was vital for my understanding of how soft power can be a pathway to peace. The fact that it was an article of great value that was readily available through DASH greatly benefited me, as I did not need to jump through hoops to get to it. Any student or researcher can appreciate great scholarly work that is open access. It benefits us all."	0
"I'm a college student writing a research paper on American Nationalism, and the research made available through DASH is extraordinarily helpful"	0
" ""Original or plagiarist, man is the novelist of himself"". - Ortega y Gasset. Antonio has been in education teaching EFL for 40 years. He's retired now with his books and is a countryside bibliomaniac for choice. He's been teacher in all kinds of High Schools, teaching and doing research in literature and linguistics both in Italy and abroad. He writes to understand what he is."	0
I'm working with people with a mental handicap. During a course for better understanding aggressive behavior I noticed that my own EE is rather unstable. So thanks for the article! It helps understanding how EE affects patients and coworkers without them maybe even knowing. and it helped me with understanding and controlling my own EE for the benefit of my patients	1
"I am an undergraduate CTE student at Northern Arizona University.  I am seeking reputable research in the field of CTE, specifically how the U.S. is addressing the skills gap."	0
It made it possible for me to do research and write papers with proper sources	0
It helped me gain access to articles that I need for my university Economics paper.	0
"I'm a PhD student in Berkeley, CA writing an article on cosmopolitanism and musical expression in Christian liturgy. This article has helped me articulate some of the challenges researchers and practitioners face in a world of constant proliferation of musical data."	0
"For a book about  three tenured faculty women who sued the Salk Institute for gender discrimination (the usual: pay, promotion, space, endowed chairs, &tc), I'm writing a chapter about the history of women in US academia in the 20th & 21st centuries. I greatly appreciate DASH's open access policy. Thank you."	1
The article regarding loopholes in current tax legislative proposal has helped me communicate my concern to my Senator and Representative.	0
"I am a researcher currently working for an independent research institute in Canada. As with all private-sector organizations,  costs are always an issue.  Free access to published research allows me and others like me to expand the scope of our research and improve the quality of our results as a consequence.."	0
Helped for my bachelor thesis. Thanks.	1
University assignment.	0
"As a humble college student, I was shocked to see as prestigious a place a Harvard sharing their documents! The citable link was extremely useful, and worked perfectly!"	0
"I am researching a Capstone Project for my Doctorate in Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine at ACTCM@CIIS on Adverse events associated with the of consumption of home-processed human encapsulated placenta. I have used this work as the definitive source for the history of the publication of Li Shizhen's Bencao gangmu. Although there are several works in English, this was the most definitive source I could find on the historical aspects of the work. The detailed presentation helped me to understand the context for the classical use of ""Human Drugs"" in the Chinese herbal materia medica, and helped me uncover the true origin of descriptions of the use of human placenta as a medicine. Other contemporary sources in the field did not accurately cite the classical authors. Having open access was very crucial to creating the ethical context for my research."	
"	0"	
"My Mom Transition July 2015 while going thru her things I find sand, shells and clothing of Lavender plus Blue/White.  To learn she was some how connected to Orisas' Studies thru a neighbor I called Sula.  This neighbor would tell me things and I thought she was crazy and now I am on the path to return to my destiny.  Ire O!"	0
"I have translated a documentary movie ""The Original Image of Divine Mercy"" from English to Polish and I'm delighted to see an article on the subject of the movie! My research interests also include the division between the ""art world"" and religious art."	0
All research should be made open or at least not benefit huge publishing companies at the expense of researchers and public money.	0
"Not my story, but an opinion certainly shared by many. Open Access is a wonderful idea. Part if not all the education of the Scientists who write dissertations, scientific articles or essays is financed  by  public means. The public should  should have a chance to enjoy the fruits of increased knowledge. Harvard is not a closed secret society. It is a great University. Through Open Access Harvard  justifies its fame and acts as a beacon, like the Library of Alexandria that was open not only to great scientists but also to the public."	0
"As a health care professional, it is important that I have access to reliable, evidence-based information in order to translate this into easily understood and accurate messages to my patients. Knowledge should be free. THANK YOU for making that happen."	1
"I am a Zimbabwean scholar, in these challenging economic times, DASH brightens my days! I can still produce quality work without having to crack my head on where to get money to access quality information."	0
"I am a nursing student, researching policies regarding organ transplant regulations. I really appreciate free access to scholarly articles. There are too many articles to sift through that are biased, untrue or misleading - so thank-you!"	1
"I am a public health consultant in the UK. As part of this I have a national role in cross sectoral work on healthy spatial planning, joining up work across public health and spatial plannning professionals. I also teach at under and post graduate levels on leadership in public health. For both of these I find the Marshall Ganz paper on public narrative and collective action to be an essential text."	0
need this for a paper	0
This is great - a tremendous resource for academic communities across the country!	0
"I use this information in my own research in a psychology department at a large midwestern R1 university. I appreciate having access to as many articles online as I can because due to fiscal considerations, my own institution is drastically reducing the number of journal subscriptions they carry. This reduction has seriously affected my access to past and recent articles, again making it all the more important that they are made freely and publicly available through Open Access forum like yours."	0
"I'm trying to lose weight, and would like to understand the causes of obesity. This article was very helpful. I would summarize it as ""Never eat a cookie you didn't bake yourself.""  It explains a lot. "	0
desync	0
"I am a high school teacher teaching a senior course titled Media Messages in Society.  I am constantly looking for current research to share with students to demonstrate how gender and race are portrayed in media and the impact that has on the audience.  However, it is often difficult to find research that is updated.  I don't have access to the best article databases, and what is commonly available is at least 5-10 years old (or more).  This access is incredible!"	0
"I am an internist doctor specializing in bone metabolism disorders, I am retired but every year I participate in a course on chronic-degenerative diseases in the CINVESTAV (Center for Research and Advanced Studies), with yours articles I have been allowed to keep updated, so I can share with my students  new knowledge"	0
"I have briefly read this report as part of a literature review for chronic conditions and self-reported health. Provides a good overview of the impact of systemic changes in healthcare and their impact on self-reported health and disease burden. Useful, thank you."	1
"I do freelance legal research and writing about the Rule of Law, for a think-tank in Johannesburg. Harvard DASH helps me find relevant and useful articles about controversial issues (such as, most recently, sting operations or entrapment)."	0
I am an Afro-Caribbean researcher. I am also an ordained elder in a predominantly black church. Recently I have begun a preaching series on Africa and the Bible and have discovered that my congregation is abysmally ignorant of the historical experiences of our people. Having access to the relevant documents contributes in no small way to my delivery of the historical truth.	0
"Hi,"	
"I'm a student in urban and regional planning at Panthéon-Sorbonne University. With DASH I was able to access crucial data for my research in US federal policies towards neighborhoods of concentrated poverty. Not all american academic institutions give open access to such a wide range of scientific research. Thank you for DASH """	1
I am researching hunting similarities and differences between neanderthals and early Homo sapiens.  Access to these articles greatly assists in this endeavor.  Thanks Dash!	1
"I am a researcher trying to get my work going again, and I soon will not be affiliated with a university. It helps to have research available in order to do new work; otherwise, it is cost prohibitive."	0
"I work in an NGO in a developing country. Having access to research to validate facts, to use the data to highlight the importance of various interventions helps me bring about a positive change in the world. Open Access is extremely valuable in helping me do this."	0
"Right now I studying at Paramadina Graduate School of Diplomacy in Jakarta, Indonesia. I feel very gratefull to Harvard Open Access so I can read an article from Robert Barro. I would like to use his article as a reference for my mid term assingment for Political and Islam Identity class. Thank you very much"	1
"I am a DC teaching an elective class on Sports Nutrition at Southern California University of Health Sciences to students working on their doctor of chiropractic.  I want to thank everyone involved for not just this paper but for all open access articles. In preparation for my Drugs in Sports lecture, I decided to begin with the history of using drugs or ergogenic aids in competition.  After touching on the ancient Olympic games came upon a line that was repeated in 5 different articles without a reference. Try as I may, I also struck out and decided to move on. When I came upon this paper, I wondered if my little discovery would be solved with a reference I could investigate or  be ignored completely which is what I had decided to do. "	
"Well, here is the answer:  "	
"The first documented case  (of doping)  is in 1865, when Dutch swimmers used stimulants """""	
"Even the gifted students at your fine college repeated the 1865 Dutch swimming line which is the 6th time I have seen it---and the 6th time I've seen it sans reference. I am curious if the professor who graded this paper caught it. I am even more curious if anyone will ever even read what I just typed since this is an 11 year old article.  In any event, it will be an excellent albeit, unintended example for my class t. "	
"Finally, this paper was both well referenced, well done and informative. I also liked how easy it was to reference on my power point--especially the automatic date accessed that appeared without even typing. Move over sliced bread!"""	1
"I am a student at Arizona State University. I am currently taking a systems thinking class. I will be using this article in a essay that analyzes an issue in society relating to the environment and the food system. It will include the feedback structure, causal loop diagram, and resiliency of the current state of the system, and ideas for shifting the regime to a new one."	0
"In a time where a google search is the most common tool for student scholars, or at least me. The time I saved trying to locate this article, allowed me to write this response and share my appreciation. Thanks for sharing knowledge that I may or may not use, but can increase my own understanding of how low-income students benefit from service learning participation."	1
I am MBA student and sharing the content helped me a lot in my management seminar	0
"Master in Public Law by UFBA (Universidade Federal da Bahia), Brazil (2017, March 24th). PhD in course by the same one. Research in behavioral economics under Law and Economics approach. CAPES (Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior - Governmental Coordination of Improvement of Higher Education Level Personnel) scholarship holder."	0
I advise a PhD student in social sciences that is working on responsible consuming and pro-environmental practices. She is working on the idea that shoping is a sort of a ritual from an anthropological perspective. So I was looking for references on that.	0
I appreciate access to this article as I am learning about health policy as part of my Professional Doctorate in Health studies.	0
"I am adjunct professor who is teaching composition in a history learning community. One of my students needed a scholarly, peer-reviewed article that he could understand and use for a presentation on George Fitzhugh."	0
I teach argumentative writing at Palm Beach State College. I require my students to access and review academic journal articles as part of their research for my courses. They incorporate articles from Open Access into their work.	0
"My interest is to discover how a particular enzyme arise. Although I already a hunch, this paper has covered the grounds that I am going to tread, and more. That would cover my bases and allow me to peer even further. Enormous help, Thanks."	1
"Having open access allows students from all walks of life, either formally enrolled or not to further their education- and that is invaluable"	0
"I work with people (mostly women) on an intuition based focus to empower them at their core or heart center. Most of them are under multiple levels of ongoing stress, and perceived situations that acerbate their on going stresses and life choices. This article allows a way to share with them how an individual's thoughts, feelings and choices - what we believe is the truth of our experience - impact the human condition on all levels; the body systems and how they express."	0
"Allowed me to develop my knowledge and understanding of areas of interest which I may have not necessarily studies during my time at university. In my opinion to some extent the costs of accessing articles and academic materials has an adverse effect on peoples abilities to learn. This is emphasised by the emergence of MOOC's to provide learning for people from different academic backgrounds and socioeconomic status. Education and learning is a basic right to which everyone is entitled to. For all we know some of this generations greatest minds, the cure for cancer, the next Einstein could be in some of the poorest parts of the world but lacks the infrastructure to bring his intellectual ability into fruition"	0
"I graduated from the University of British Columbia's Cognitive Systems BSc program in 2014, where I specialised in Computer Science. Since then, I've been working as a consultant in the business intelligence and enterprise data analytics spaces. I am now preparing to begin graduate studies next year (2018), and I want to work specifically with Systems Science as it applies to Population and Public Health. I am interested in working with Graph Theory, Cellular Automata, Network Analysis, System Dynamics, and Agent-Based Models. To that end I am building a literature review, and this article appears to have thorough overview of the existing literature."	0
"I was looking through literature on celiac disease and came across references to non-celiac gluten sensitivity. To be honest, as a pathologist, I was unaware of this entity till then. I wished to get more information about it and your free full-text article was of assistance. Thank you."	1
i cant afford magzines. M. Nowak's Evolutionary Dynamics I have been following. So this is an important paper. His support for linguistics is intriguing. Trying to resolve two problems with one tool is the goal of science	
"	0"	
"I'm doing preliminary research for an investigative paper I am writing about how long it takes English Language Learners in the United States to acquire academic proficiency in English.  I came across the reference for this article in another article I was reading.  This article apparently documents how little is known about adolescents language development, and I'm going to read it to see what exactly it says."	0
"I am a 69 yr old Post Grad Student at University of Auckland, doing a dissertation on ""Faint and Fast Transient SN"". This site is very helpfull"	0
This particular article (RETHINKING DIVERSITY AND PROXIES FOR ECONOMIC DISADVANTAGE IN HIGHER EDUCATION:	
"A FIRST GENERATION ************** STUDENT ************S‘ PROJECT) is important to my efforts in researching ways to improve higher education in the United States. I am a first generation student, and I am in law school. Experiencing most of the issues around higher ed access motivates me to work in this area as a professional. High quality articles such as this provide insights and launching points for further research and action."""	0
I moderate and suggest reading material for an adult discussion group in Seminole Fl.	0
I am currently working on PhD on Global Justice - access to DASH has provided me with peer reviewed material that assists in that endeavour.	0
"I'm working on a book about scripture broadly, and this has been recommended to me as I address the Upanishads. I'm also a graduate of HDS."	0
I am impacted by this piece because the information is engaging and entertaining to read.	0
Reading a research paper on market design	0
"I am a forensic child and adult psychiatrist, CA state hospital employed. I am currently researching how the various Tai Chi exercises integrating mindful breathing, symmetric slow lunging movements, besides fall prevention benefits for our sedentary forensic patients, but also may improve brain circulation and neuronal growth to the right prefrontal cortex (PFC). The right PFC has been associated to be area that Many of our patients shut down when asked whether they are mentally ill and has difficulty with guilt and shame associated with their violent crimes. Project INSIGHT will incorporate having patients perform a pretrial negative core belief questionnaire,  Cognitive Distortion Questionnaires and Oral Trail Making Test will be used to establish baseline severity and frequency ratings and subsequent follow up s at  week 6, 12, 24 and 40 week of Tai chi follow up ratings with the same instruments. Research indicates that Tai Chi Chuan can stimulate increase brain derived neurotrophic factors synthesis, so we hypothesize that patients level of insight into their illness and their controlling offense should elevate and improve to meet one of the key discharge criterion for discharge."	0
I am doing research for my bachelor thesis on nudging to increase voting turnout.	0
used it for a research paper! *( ^ o ^ )*	
	
"Thanks!"""	1
I am a librarian helping high school students in IB math coursework find resources for their research.	0
I am in the middle of comprehensive exams and very grateful to have resources on line that I can quickly access.	1
I am using this matierla ot learn more about the Eurozone and to help me research for an academic paper.	0
"I teach AP statistics, and it's wonderful to be able to share real research/data and statistics with my students as we learn about linear regression, significance, and inference. Also, I am considering applying as a freelance naturalist for a grant to study ants, and open access is making it much easier to read prior research without needing to go through lengthy registration processes or pay multiple fees that I cannot afford."	0
"I am a speech and language therapy student in my fourth year and writing my undergraduate research project. I became interested in CTE from the sudden widespread media coverage with regards to ex NFL players being affected with symptoms and the Boston brain bank researching into CTE. As a fan of rugby, and with a special interest in the neurological aspects of Speech and Language Therapy, I decided I wanted to research more into the area and how SLT would be involved in the future management of CTE. This article is one of many that I am using as evidence for SLT involvement in assisting differential diagnosis and treatment of managing symptoms in a  neurodegenerative disease."	
	
"Thank you for providing open access on this material as it has enabled me to use important information I would not have had access to otherwise (as being in the UK, I do not get ASHA access, and we have limited research for this topic here)"""	1
I am writing a course for grant applicants - how to prepare the best proposals. I heard about the MAYA theory on a radio documentary in Australia. A Google Search has led me to this paper. Thanks for making it freely available !	1
"I am a layperson writing nonfiction books about cats in a list-based format.  I want to get the facts straight but can't always get to the local university, which kindly permits the public to use their subscriptions.  Your making the ""designing gene"" paper publicly accessible has helped a lot in the section of my book on coat patterns."	0
"Need it for a school project, effect of consumerism on society."	0
Current undergrad student at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln doing research on tax policy for a paper I'm writing in one of my economics classes.	0
I used this paper in my course to teach students the use of GIS methods in Applied Economics	0
It has helped me be a better student and comprehend different aspects of history trough cases.	0
"This article was not available on Westlaw. But I Googled it, and found it here. Sweet."	0
"I teach a dual-credit college writing course in a small, high-poverty high school in rural Oregon.  The open access policy of Harvard DASH has provided my students with a sense of running with the big dogs, which in turn reinforces the idea that education is a way out of poverty that is very much open to them.  Thank you."	1
"Free access has been helpful in my research; however I’m a bit surprised in how a few Master’s thesis have been approved when they are clearly opinionated, although backed up by research (some biased research) and when report on the opposing view, words chosen were “dismissive” and research was much less in-depth.  My Department at my University would not have accepted this paper being it is clearly biased."	0
I have to give a lecture to high-school students on addiction beyond psychoactive substances. Thanks!	1
Professor of a Brazilian University. Research in the field of paper. Very important the access. Thank you.	1
"I was trying to understand ""sticky information model"", then I realised that original paper is publicly accessible. So, I can learn directly from the economists who designed the idea."	0
I am a non-profit leader who shares evidence-based research with parents and teachers of students with dyslexia and other LDs. Open Access helps me get much needed information to people who want to help students learn.	0
I am just a mere student ardently interested in exploring Literature  and theory. Harvard 	
"Dash is of immense help for enrichment and enlightening intellectual stimulation. """	0
"It is currently 3:17 AM, and as I am researching various perceptions of the definition of hypo-descent, I amazingly stumbled across Dash! I am an aspiring sociology student attending Tacoma Community College who derives from an unique multi cultural background. I have lived a life full of tremendous variation, adapting to a spectrum of social constructs as a victim of the continuous metamorphic nature of racial formation in America. This article was amazing as I can relate to many variables."	
"My Father was an African American Army veteran who committed suicide while my mother was 3 months into her pregnancy with me. The odds to prevail and overcome the obstacles implemented to stagnate my census classification had been cursed upon me before I inhaled my first breath. My mother was a 1st generation Korean Immigrant who married a German - American soldier and had two children. Her next husband was a Filipino man whom my mother had another child. Later, my mother would have 2 more children with an African American and Melanesian mixed man, one of those children being myself. After my father's traumatic departure from existence, my mother would have a last child with another African American man. Many perceptions and probably 100 Master's thesis can be written about why my mom had kids by so many different men; however, I'll leave that open for future discussion. "	
"At the age of 4, I experienced poverty for the first time, as my mother's language limitations ultimately made her vulnerable to a real estate scam that forced us to lose the house my father left behind. "	
"Shortly after loosing our home, my mother took my little brother and went back to Korea, leaving me as the youngest of 5 boys with no adult supervision. This was during the height of the LA gang migration to other western states and this influence would be the beginning of a saga full of diversity, failure, pain, and achievement. My story is so dramatic and full of trauma that Hollywood would struggle to capture its essence on film. Raised without parents and being conditioned the majority of my life to be a soldier of urban America brought many horrifying experiences. "	
"I would become a felon as a juvenile at the age of 12. My teenage years were full of gang violence, drugs, and searching for the reason my life was in constant vertigo. "	
"Through the halls education, I discovered new pathways and the high school I attended tried to provide me with the support system I never had; however, after extraordinary progress, I would find myself becoming a father AND in prison by the age of 18. "	
"9 years in prison would be my fate and I would lose every dream I ever had. My reality was already a battle field, and to lose my freedom, son, hopes, dreams, and a piece of whatever dignity I had left was a critical point in my life. "	
"In prison, I decided to steer my life and become someone who could be a role model to my children, Not only a role model for my own, but for the youth who walk in the shoes I once set odysseys in. I continued my education, completed all required programs, and after nearly a decade I would once again set my feet onto the soil of the free man. "	
I would wake up everyday optimistic about finding work and assimilating back into society as a tax paying contributor to society. This was not the case as it took the 328th (never forget) job application to receive my first return call... and I did not even land the gig.	
"I would struggle in a new world with a whole new culture and social construct that was heavily influenced by the introduction of the Internet and the rapid growth of social media. I served nearly 9 years in prison, and It has taken me another 9 years to proudly stand before society. I have paid my debts to the community and today I am a Mental Health Peer Specialist through the WA State Department of Behavior Health and Recovery and Department of Health. Finding work is always an obstacle as a felon, but I've been blessed with consistent jobs. I've found my way back into the halls of higher learning and currently hold Phi Theta Kapa honors. This shared exposure of my life is only 10% of the story as I am forever engulfed in an eternal journey searching for pathways to ultimately find platforms for others to also conquer recidivism and find wellness in a social construct that was created for failure."	
"	0"	
I am writing a case study of Chattanooga Tennessee regarding the municipal internet outcomes.  I am an undergraduate and have found that sources on this subject are far and few between.  I appreciate the Open Access policy used on this paper because pay walls make it very difficult to write papers on recent or less known subjects.	0
"Well, I once read about this experiment in a book talking about affirmative action and economics. I wanted to convince my friend that affirmative action doesnt work, so I searched up for the experiment and came across this study. Thank you ."	1
Needed this article for a paper that am writing and did not have access to legal search engines. was GREAT to have this article. Really helpful and REALLY appreciate that was made open to the public.	0
"This paper is part of the prescribed literature for my public economics 771 exam, which is coming up soon. It was quite hard to find, so this helps a lot!"	0
IT has really help me to read more on the free papers or articles on the Anti malaria drug resistance in respect to Arthemisinin.	0
"I have just downloaded it and cursorily pages through the entire project of open access. I find it very generous on the part of Harvard to share their knowledge and research with the whole world. Excellent decision. I will work at length in various areas and, later, give my impressions which would be the correct procedure. I have spoken about this DASH project to my research students at the Central University of Gujarat, Gandhinagar, India and I hope they will access it too. Later in early 2018 I will share it with my students at Loyola College, Chennai. They would appreciate it better, surely, and the teaching staff too would access it."	0
"I'm a brazilian medical student and I study here with a government incentive. My father had Parkinson disease and since I was 13 years I’ve study things related to it. A huge difficulty that I found was to find reliable sources with up-to-date data and information about the PD (and as a student I wasn’t able to pay for each information that I would need). As we all know neurology science is a relatively new field and most of the good content is held in reference research centers such as Harvard Medical School. I remember that in the end of 2015 I was looking in the internet for news about this motor problem and found a recent post in the Harvard website telling about a research conducted that would lead to a new form of diagnosing Parkinson in life. My family had a story of a family tremor that made doctors misdiagnose my parent and be unsure about the diagnosis of PD. Unfortunately my dad died in the begging of 2015 and I couldn’t do much. But by december of the same year I went to a congress over here,  led by the International Institute of Neuroscience Lily and Edmund Safra and met a researcher that studied  Parkinson diagnosis forms. I told him at the end of his presentation about this study and promised to email him with the article. By that period I’m not sure if the article was “closed” (I mean , paid) or if the studied didn’t end and wasn’t published yet, so I wasn’t able to share with him. However, I went to another event this year(2017) and met him again. And now when I got home and looked for the article it was a huge surprise and a great happiness that the article was published and “free to see” and finally replied him with the article. Who knows we may develop new techniques and forms to enhance the quality of life of those with the PD , such as my father. Thanks you very much for sharing the article and congratulations for the work developed over there!"	1
"Thanks for ""Harvard DASH or Open Access""; it was useful to me in answering someone else's question about a problem in mathematical optimization ('minimum-variance spanning trees'). "	1
Currently I am an undergraduate student at the University of California at Berkeley.	
"Being a first generation student from an underrepresented background I find it refreshing that Harvard has made access to important research available to all. This assists me in supporting arguments for the better of society. This affects me personally, but also empowers me to affect change in my community. I will share this resource with those in my community that don't have the privilege to be at Cal. (Name is my email)"""	0
I need to study this for designing an electric car	0
"I am writing the review of a paper for the Mathematical Reviews. Without the article I've just downloaded, I couldn't understand the paper under review at all. Thanks!"	1
"work for regional health insurer, researching demographic trends and their impacts on US health system for business plan"	0
Thanks DASH! This article has been very useful in my research. Open access allows me to work more efficiently and have a much more thorough research.	1
"I am an accounting professor at UFPE, a Brazilian University located at Northeast of Brazil. I gotta my Ph.D. at University of Illinois in 1997. Since then, I am very interested in the psychology importance on both Economics and Accounting. I published mostly in Brazilian Journals, but as the Director of a Graduate Program in Accounting I stimulate the professors to consider the psychology side on their researches.I am an Economist with master in Accounting (both titles in Brazilian institutions)."	0
"I'm a reference librarian and subject liaison for Communication working with two professors in the School of Communication at xxxx University. We presented a workshop for faculty on the problem of fake news and classroom strategies and activities to teach ************** STUDENT ************s to identify fake news and disinformation online. I created a Libguide of fake news resources (Fake News: Promoting Online Civic Reasoning and Media Literacy; http://guides.library.illinoisstate.edu/fake_news) for the workshop and included a link to your report, ""Partisanship, Propaganda, and Disinformation: Online Media and the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election.""  Thank you for providing open access to this and other research. Sharing such information and educating about ""disinformation"" are essential in these challenging times."	1
"I'm a content writer, and I'm currently working on a series of FAQs for a restaurant specializing in Asian food. We're thoughtfully answering the ""do you use MSG"" question, as it arises for restaurant guests. Thanks for open access. "	1
"I'm an Italian Tissue engineer, unfortunately tissue engineering is not well known in Italy and it's reallly hard here to find a job in this field. Actually I'm working as a biomechanical professor in a private university, this article is helping me to set up an historical introduction for a book I'm writeing with some colleagues in order to explain the importance of this discipline particularly for the treatment of skin wounds. "	
"Thank you for your open access policy."""	1
helped tremendously in my research for a project on EcoTerrorism for my Film and the Environment class at the University of Alabama.	0
I want the article for the course of History of Economic Analysis	0
"Our high school English curriculum includes units on themes like ""coming of age"" in literature. Because we want students to connect fiction and literature to real life, we also have them read psychological, sociological, political, and historical articles. The article by Lan Nguyen Chaplin gives a fascinating perspective on self-consciousness and wanting to be part of a group -- two common threads in coming of age literature."	0
"Harvard DASH provides open access to peer reviewed research. Harvard DASH is an indispensable resource I've used to bridge the gap between what social science tell us and what organizations actually practice. Thanks to Harvard DASH, I've created a website, The Deep Feedback Movement (https://www.thedeepfeedbackmovement.com/) to help bring social science research to businesses. Now, businesses can stand on the shoulders of academic giants and access and act on research that increases engagement, retention, productivity and customer satisfaction. For researchers, the impact of their work can extend beyond the confines of peer review journals and affect the lives of real, live, breathing humans. The gap between the ivory towers and main street is starting to close, creating a win-win for both academics and organizations."	1
I am a Holy Cross student writing a senior thesis on a topic that will be greatly improved by access to this article.	0
"I am a retired italian hematologist who worked for 40 years in Blood Transfusion, Hemophilia Hepatitis AIDS etc. I wrote an e-book on AIDS epidemic in blood donors in China  (www.epidemiaaidsdonatoricina.it)  in the presentation is summarized the story of HIV/AIDS epidemic in hemophilics in particular what occourred in Italy : a story completely not known ouside our country."	0
"I am an graduate student working full time, it easier for me to do my research on my personal laptop at home or on my commute. I have login access to the online journals at my university library but the searches aren't very well designed and it's difficult for me to get my sources into my EndNote organization program. Open Access helps me find academic articles that I can catalogue and reference easily and on my own time."	0
"I teach grad students in the MPA program. We use the Stillman text book.  We read about a Municipal Wireless Network effort in Philadelphia, a case study.  This updates that reading.  Plus, we live in Idaho!"	0
"I am a researcher from India where they don't access to many research journals, so this is a very helpful source information."	0
I am an economist and professional asset manager in a multifamily office in Switzerland. As a portfolio manager I am interested in economic cycles and what we can learn from them.	0
I am very grateful for access to this dissertation	1
"I am a 76 year old female Stage IV NSCLC cMET exon 14 being treated with Xalkori for  3 years, having progressed on Alimta following carbon and Alimta.  I am interested in this article as it applies to my treatment with Dr. Daniel Costa at BIDMC.  I am thrilled to be alive and able to enjoy my life due to this treatment."	0
"I am a professional geologist with Ph.D. in geology from Penn State.  I have worked in the petroleum and coal industries throughout my professional career (1974-2016).  I continue to be astounded by the [apparent] influence of ""motivated bias"" in my colleagues regarding Anthropegenic Global Warming.  And, by the way... although I mention that I hold a Ph,D, degree, based on my anecdotal observations, this offers little or no protection from motivated bias.  People with higher levels of education are able to craft more complex and nuanced arguments to justify their beliefs.  In any case, my efforts to understand the influence of motivation on cognition has required deep dives into the literature of cognitive and social psychology.  As I'm not at a university, I have limited access to professional journals.   I appreciate your making information available at no cost to interested persons.   Thanks very much,"	1
"Thank you for making this article available to me. I am using it as evidence in a presentation at the Wilderness Risk Management Conference sponsored by NOLS, Outward Bound, and the Student Conversation Association in November 2017."	1
"I am a professor at a small college teaching an upper level course on Human Genetics and Personalized Medicine.  We cannot afford subscriptions to the multitude of journals that Cell, Science, and Nature produce.  Would that we could buy a library card to Countway!  That would solve all the problems of being in a second class society of scientists."	0
I'm making a bachelor's thesis on soft bio-inspired robots and this is a very useful source.	0
I'm a Post graduate student from UK. I was badly in need of this article to complete my assignment. Many thanks to Harvard since they supplied this article for free.	1
"Harvard DASH conducts cutting-edge research and its invaluable to have open access to it. Being located in Kenya, we look for international best practices and informative insights that are both inspirational and serve as a guide for our own work."	0
"Researching for an assignment on psychodynamic theory of the-self. I have realised whilst writing my paper that Freud never used the term the-self to describe the id, ego, or superego. In fact he used the term the mind, psyche and core of one's being. To try and distinguish if the id should have been described as the-self seems impossible to answer. The three id, ego, and superego rely on each other, yet also antagonise each other. Each appears to contradict the other!"	0
"I'm in the master of health science program at Saint Francis University, researching the False Claims Act, especially regarding pharmaceutical companies, and I very much appreciate access to this paper."	0
I am a physician leader in the shift from volume to value. This story fascinates me because of Jefferson's role in offering free healthcare. Free access is a similar sentiment. We are all in this together!	0
"I'm a PhD student at the University of Alabama, trying to apply dynamic factor models to deviations from the Law of One Price to the prices of consumer goods in Pakistan."	0
"I am proceeding pro se in a civil rights case.  The DOJ has answered with 12 affirmative defenses, some in equity and some in law.  As Plaintiff I am filing a motion for summary judgement.  It is key to understand the concept of burden shifting as part of the legal standard arguments.  This article put me on the proper legal track."	0
"I'm an armchair academic with a longstanding interest in evolutionary biology, particularly at its more philosophical margins. I would describe myself as a natural materialist and universal Darwinist, so it will be unsurprising to discover that I'm also an enthusiast of Dan Dennett's work. So it has been excellent to be able to read David Haig's important contribution, referenced by Dennett."	
	
"I'm of the view that academic publications should, as far as possible, be available for all to read - not least because they are in large part funded from the public purse. So well done Harvard for being part of the vanguard of open access publication."""	0
"e-Books, E-Learning"	0
"I am writing a short nonfiction article for a writer's workshop as part of the Science Writing Certificate Program at the Johns Hopkins University School for Advanced Studies. I am a former Postdoctoral Fellow in Psychobiology, an Attending Physician at McLean Hospital and a faculty member at HMS for 20 years.  I have been closely associated with Lester Grinspoon at Harvard, and with Solomon Snyder at Johns Hopkins - the two most prominent experts advocating rational drug law reform. Form many years I treated drug addicts who were multiply diagnosed."	0
I am a Doctoral student at BU who needs access to some articles for my dissertation research.	0
What is the point of publically-beneficial research and knowledge if it cannot be easily shared. I am a strong believer in open university infrastructure and think that this is just the beginning of a growing trend away from usurious and rent-seeking knowledge distribution. I found DASH very helpful in accessing and sharing excellent scholarship.	0
We reviewed these findings on our medical school fellowship program to demonstrate bias in medical treatments which could contribute to the health care disparities I'm out country.	0
"I am completing a book-length study of virtuosi and virtuosity in the seventeenth century.  The article I just accessed through DASH was cited in the bibliography of a history of science monograph but I could not locate this article.  JSTOR and other estimable search engines failed.  In one last, yes, desperate attempt, I just googled the exact title in quotation marks and this link was one of the hits.  Thank you!  I am grateful beyond words to be able to access Steven Shapin's article."	1
"As a Migration Researcher in the field of education in Europe I am particularly interested in scholarship from traditional countries of immigration such as the United States. Especially in the course of 2015 and 2016 Austria, the country where I mostly work, received a bigger number of refugees among them also children. As a social scientist I try to support decision-makers and practitioners, e.g. in the area of schooling. For that reason experiences and research results coming from the Harvard School of Education's Usable Knowledge are thrilling for me such as this article. This is particularly true as a small University as mine - Johannes Kepler University of Linz - cannot afford to pay for expensive journals."	0
"Im acupunturist and herbalist in Vietnam, with 8 years experience in practise. I see the development and legacy of government for acupuncture in pain management also in ,traditional mchinese medicine or alternative therapy . I hope and want to do something in that fields. Vietnam traditional medicine is very popular, more than 2500 herbs in use. The problem is scientific and technology for developMent."	0
"I am a former law professor and current independent scholar/author/speechwriter. The legitimacy of the administrative state, and of congressionally delegated power in particular, has long been an interest of mine. I  am also a fan of Philip Hamburger's writings on church and state. Meanwhile I have become an admirer of, and occasionally Twitter dialogue partner with, Adrian Vermeule. Prof. Vermeule's critique of Prof. Hamburger is therefore of great interest to me. Thanks for DASH!"	1
"Thanks to the Open Access Feedback that gives me permission to share the link to the must read and pass on to your Congressman and Senators this James Mann book,  ""Rise of the Vulcans: The History of bush's War Cabinet"".  The value of Harvard's giving deep state research analyst's like myself permission to share this book, we can copy and share the link to books like James Mann's book, ""Rise of the Vulcans: The History of bush's War Cabinet"", on Facebook with tags so that an army of investigative journalists and historians like James Mann can report on the accurate ""Intelligence"" the world needs to prosecute, convict and stop the Nazi Fascist Deep State from continuing to get away with their covert ""Continuation of Governance"" plan that suspended constitutional rights of citizens and ""legalized"" their Carl Schmitt, Leo-Strauss, Reinhard Gehlen, Allan Dulles, CIA, Mossad, NATO, Gladio Team B , Nazi Fascist coup d'etat of the US and the world.  The evidence James Mann has published in the Rise of the Vulcans confirms exactly who the perpetrators of this treasonous overthrow of our Democracy are and gives enough context for a Independent Counsel like the Iran Contra Prosecutor to prosecute and impeach them and the others in their Vast Right Wing Conspiracy.  Anyone who know of what they were doing and failed to report it should be subject to a Truth and Reconciliation commission process similar to the one used in South Africa.  There is enough evidence in this book to prove treasonous conspiracy:  Some leaders of this conspiracy to take over the country were the George Bush's War Cabinet: Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Paul Wolfowitz, Condoleeza Rice, Richard Armitage who James Mann calls the Vulcans).  By Harvard giving me the Dash Open Access to share this book and others like it with the world, I may be able to fulfill my primary research objective of getting a Frank Church like hearing into their Abuse of Power that is being played out by the Donald Trump administration to the horror of the Free World. My hope is to some day get an Honorary Degree in International Law if I can get a hearing to stop this evil corrupt ""State Crime Against Democracy"". "	1
I am a high school math instructional coach. I am creating a presentation for high school math teachers that focuses on the mathematical teaching practice of procedural fluency from conceptual understanding. The presentation incorporates the research behind Principles to Actions from NCTM which included the article I accessed using Harvard DASH. I'm extremely grateful for this. I don't have the resources to easily access educational research articles even though using research based practices is a large part of my job. Thank you!	1
"I am an MLS student at Emporia State. Being able to instantly access ""Classical Racism, Justice Story, and Margaret Morgan's Journey from Freedom to Slavery: The Story of Prigg v. Pennsylvania"" allowed me to quickly assess the material in relation to my research, supporting uninterrupted flow of thoughts and an efficient process. "	0
"Just starting to read how to invest for inheritance with particular interest in so-called ethical investing via ETF's:  ""Predicting the Equity Premium Out of Sample: Can"	
"Anything Beat the Historical Average?"""""""	0
"I am currently writing a PhD proposal, for funding in the UK, to look at well-being. I have used Harvard DASH for several articles that have helped formulate my idea."	0
I am about to release a full set of free Combat TaiChi videos on the net and the postures are incredibly powerful as they conceal the ability to stop an attacker in their tracks with neurological shut down or worse if they bring it upon themselves; yet as they appear so totally non threatening they are the ideal postures to de-escalate a difficult and aggressive person with a process I call 'rescue statements'; once behind the postures (its a method not a series of techniques) any person with this capacity feels incredibly powerful and safe - so it is good to refer to your research thank you	1
"I'm a french student working for my thesis about cryptocurrencies, this paper is helping me to understand the crises and for my literature review. It's a subject worth sharing and more incentives like that need to be done."	0
My Name is xxxx. I am a Licensed Acupuncturist in Indiana. I am writing a grant proposal to open a free acupuncture clinic that offers qigong 4 days a week. I will use your Harvard study on qigong and tai chi as reference citing its benefits. Thank you.	1
I am an entrepreneur studying formal language specification approaches to workflow models. The ultimate application is going to be episodic contracting for healthcare services. I can't thank you enough for open access to cutting edge research. It really benefits society and our economy.	1
"I am a lawyer in solo practice focusing on federal and state civil and criminal litigation in Eastern Maine; but it is perforce a general practice. (I live in Southwest Harbor on Mount Desert Island). I have a daughter who is a junior in college and a son who is a sophomore. Both are at small liberal arts colleges. Before becoming a lawyer, I taught middle and secondary schools - almost all at boarding schools. I earned a Master's Degree at Dartmouth College, where I also was  an administrator (""on staff) for seven years.  My tongue-in-cheek advice to my children: ""have a signed ""waiver and release"" (about the length of your Advanced Medical Directive) in your pocket, before you go to that party. Make sure it is signed by both of you before proceeding"""	0
"I serve secondary students in Ky as the world civilizations teacher. I want these students to be capable researchers before they go to college, and Google Scholar is one of the avenues I am using to achieve this goal. Your PDF was the first I came across that is part of the content we will be focusing on. This is the best example of quality information for my students to choose from in connection with a new One to World technology focus that allows them to open a PDF in a Kami document for annotations."	0
"I am a high school student interested in cheminformatics. However, not having access to many journals makes finding information difficult. Hence, all papers openly available are highly valued. They have even allowed me to start conducting my own scientific research! I am thankful for the generous sharing of information, and am confident it will aid me and many other young adults in the future."	1
The study is helpful to me in understanding what factors drove the 2016 election to its conclusion.  It also provides insight into the molding of public opinion in these volatile times. Thanks for making it available.	1
I am making dietary recommendations to the public in Hungary.	0
"Dear Ms. Pamela A. Silver and Mr. Daniel G. Nocera and the fellow authors,  "	
	
"This is xxxx from a Japanese consultancy firm, Mitsubishi Research Institute, Inc."	
	
"I am writing to ask your permission for use of diagram of """"Water splitting–biosynthetic system with CO2 reduction efficiencies exceeding photosynthesis,"""" which appears in your website (https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/27304973/aaf5039%20Manuscript%20rev%20complete.pdf?sequence=1), as a material to be used for our upcoming conference, Innovation for Cool Earth Forum (ICEF), hosted by the Government of Japan."	
	
Details of our request are described below.	
	
1. About ICEF:	
"ICEF is hosted jointly by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO) of Japan.  It is held annually and its first annual meeting was successfully held in October 2014 in Tokyo, participated by 800 policymakers, business leaders, and researchers from 80 countries worldwide.  The fourth annual meeting is to be held in October 4-5, 2017."	
	
"ICEF aims at addressing climate change through innovation, and throughout the two-day conference, discusses intensively on what innovative measures should be developed, how innovation should be promoted, and how cooperation should be enhanced among the stakeholders."	
	
Please find more details in the website: http://www.icef-forum.org/ .	
	
2. How we would like to use your diagram:	
"Every two years, ICEF selects the """"Top 10 Innovations,"""" aiming to raise public awareness of various innovations to counter climate change and to promote such innovations.  The """"Top 10 Innovations"""" are chosen from scientific discoveries, technologies, and policies that support innovative business approaches.  The selection criteria are """"GHG emissions reduction potential,"""" """"Innovativeness,"""" and """"Feasibility.""""  A shortlist of 25 candidates are selected by the board, consisting of distinguished experts of relevant technologies."	
	
"For your reference, the Top 10 Innovations of the Years 2014 and 2015 can be found in the following websites: http://www.icef-forum.org/top10/top10-icef2014.html ; http://www.icef-forum.org/top10/top10-icef2015.html ."	
	
"Water splitting–biosynthetic system with CO2 reduction efficiencies exceeding photosynthesis"""" is shortlisted for """"Top 10 Innovations"""" for this year.  Participants of ICEF 2017 will be invited to select the final Top 10."	
	
We would like to use your diagram in the following manner:	
"- In panels/presentation materials to be displayed in the meeting venue,"	
"- On a page under ICEF's website accessible only from registered participants,"	
"- On a page under ICEF's website accessible from the general public, in case it is selected as one of the Top 10 Innovations."	
	
We would appreciate it very much if you could give us the permission for free of charge.  We hope that you would consider this as also a promotional opportunity for you to draw attention to your achievements.	
	
"Should you require any assistance from us, please kindly let us know."	
	
Thank you very much again for your consideration and cooperation regarding this procedure and we look forward to hearing from you soon.	
	
"Yours sincerely,"	
	
*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*	
xxxx	
"xxxxMitsubishi Research Institute, Inc./"	
The ICEF 2017 Secretariat	
	
Tel: xxxx	
Fax:xxxx	
E-mail: xxxx	
"*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*---*"""	1
"I am a father with two sons, now out of college, who is concerned that this enforcement policy puts young men at too much risk.  As a left wing liberal I find myself in the company of others who unequivocally condemn any change in the policy for ideological reasons/biases.  This well reasoned article/position paper helps me clarify my own thinking and, hopefully, helps me bring a little more information into these discussions."	0
Found it very insightful in my daily life as a independent investor.	0
"I was just curious. I noticed that in Japanese consumerism, it seems to be more about the experience; whereas with American consumerism, the focus is almost solely the money. I was just looking for an article that would either confirm or show otherwise.I have not read this article yet"	0
"Thank you for making this important study available, examining social media influence in the 2016 US presidential election (Faris et al). I teach a graduate seminar in a program in Communication, Rhetoric, and Digital Media. Last night we discussed Jurgen Habermas' concept of the public sphere -- a presumed space where members of the political community engage to discuss and debate ""issues of general concern."" Communication scholars Kevin DeLuca and Jennifer Peeples (2002) introduced the idea of the ""public screen"" as a supplement to the public sphere. ""Screen"" suggests a new form of communication that moves from rational deliberation to rapid dissemination of shifting messages. This morning I saw a reference to your study, and took a look at it. I think the study illustrates last night's discussion topic extremely well, and provides a timely and important real-world example. Our course focuses on qualitative and interpretive research methods -- but your study demonstrates how quantitative methods can also address critical questions of media power and influence. There's plenty there for us to discuss in a future class meeting."	1
I am at home and I could not find my work VPN dongle. I am eternally grateful.	1
I am the oldest son of Tabitha Olive Eldred-Mitts who graduated from Woodward HS in 1944. I am preparing a memoriam presentation	0
Full access to experimental data enabled me to make my own contribution to the topic with independent and new approach.	0
"I'm a researcher at Rutgers University (and a HGSE alum) looking at the effect of a whole school restorative practices project on closing the discipline gap in Brooklyn, NY. I'm so grateful to have access to this article specifically for the sharing of measurement scales in teacher-student relationships. I'm also just grateful to be able to access the most current work going on in education research! Thank you!"	1
I'm trying to find the papers answering my question 'where is the line between economic regulation and dirigisme?' I did not find the articles fully matching my request but I am happy to found the DASH - the great resource for the scientific inspiration!  Thanks!	1
"my story is about going back to the basics. Giving voice to Kenyan, and by extension Africa the permission to use culturally relevant and specific treatment modalities. This story/article is written from a Western cultural lens. The knowledge which is amplified here is ""White/European/Whiteman's knowledge. There is absolutely nothing wrong with that. But in order for us African scholars to be of use, or relevant to our communities we must decolonize our minds. You can not use the Beck-Depression scale to screen for mental health issues in Kenya is ethically wrong. Why? Because that measure was not normed for that rural population in Kenya. You can use it, but you gotta explain to your readers what steps you took to make sure the results are valid, reliable and generalizable. This article is written as though the people were just numbers to be counted. It makes assumption that people who have low quality of life in Kenya are automatically depressed! how about the communal support systems where if your Jirani lacks salt you will share. This article perpetuates a colonized lens of demeaning African, and Kenyans. There is an emphasis that this is the first of a kind of research to be conducted in Kenya, good for you but I see a list of references. Us here in the US are fighting for our way of knowledge, our cultural practices that forms the fabric of our society to be respected and acknowledged as other way of knowing, which is significant in treating mental illness."	
"I commend you for working hard to write this article, but it disappoints me when reading it  for it sounds like a none Kenyan, African writing the article. Here we are resisting imperial/colonial knowledge, a knowledge of erasure, erasing African epistemological stand points, we are raising our voices as psychologists, psychologist to be that there is no one population who is the keeper of knowledge. I clicked on the article with a lot of enthusiasm and readiness to devour, only to be met with colonial mentality evident in the article. And to make an assumption that low quality of life in the rural areas is correlated to depression is a fallacy and should bring into question the Ethics of Research into question. I am soon to be Kenyan Doctor of psychology, and I am passionate about African mental else. Hope to see you all when I come to Kenya because even though I have criticized the article, I strongly beleive you are doing an excellent job with the little resources we have in Kenya to address mental illness. We are a strong and resilient people so to unnecessarily pathologize us is wrong. Some of what we can see as disorders most likely are normal ways of handling a situation of poverty. Major Depressive Disorder that you claim your participants were having is a debilitating condition which impairs an individual's function. There are just too many overgeneralized and generalized concepts and conceptualizations that left me shaking my head."	
"All in all, good job and keep on the good work, and DECOLONIZE your minds, please."""	0
"Looking at how the Danish government can increase making data available, as part of my work as legal advisor, I found the Open Data Privacy Playbook as one of the most recently published sources analysing the challenges concerning privacy. The fact that Harvard has made the playbook available easily and free makes it possible for me to use it to broaden and enlighten my knowledge of the subject."	0
I'm a political science student and this study helped change my opinion on the drinking age	0
"The paper I accessed contains a clear description of Yeats' term ""hodos chameleontos"", referenced in Kathleen Raine's 1970/1993 book on William Blake (w/out explanation or gloss). I was trying to see how much relationship the term had to Corbin's alam al-mithal/mundus imaginalis. DASH provided much needed contextual material that allowed me to understand w/o spending a day hunting for it."	0
"Greetings, my name is xxxx, a high school student from Turkey. I am currently working on an essay regarding the comparison of ascorbic acid values of onions harvested around the different regions in Turkey, and the comparison of methodologies that can be used to detect ascorbic acid. The DASH has supplied me with an excellent article on fluorination, which served as a great source of information. Considering how I usually spend hours searching for open access documentation within an endless pile of pay-walled academical literature during research, stumbling across the DASH was a virtue: a hub of completely free yet quality articles!"	0
"I was looking for a good explanation of the Seats-Votes curve to share with somebody (I find there aren't that many out there), and the one in this article (Seats, Votes, and Gerrymandering - Estimating Represenation and Bias in State Legislative Redistricting) was perfect."	0
"I am writing an extended project on benefits and risks associated with nanotechnology. The knowledge availablethrough scientific papers to everyone, for free, is amazing. I am so lucky and proud to live at such a great time. Thank you!"	1
It's been really useful for researching my dissertation topic.	0
"  I live and work in Ottawa, Canada. I am a layman who works in a mental hospital. My lack of financial ambition does not reflect my lack of philosophical ambition. Through the Great Courses lectures on a host of topics, my Audible subscription of mostly nonfiction, and direct reading of physical or Google Play books I have been autodidactically learning for more than a decade. Often I have wanted to refer to or dig into a study mentioned in a Great Course but have been confronted with a paywall/student access of some sort and have largely given up, satisfied enough that the professors have done their homework. Occasionally I've dug to find something similar through Google."	
	
"  Today I felt inspired to write a brief proposal to my employer for a rather prosiac but potentially impactful thing and to my great surprise and joy I encountered the study I had heard of in a lecture rather easily at the top of the Google search. I had expected to be irritated, to make some complaint to myself that the mass was deliberately in Latin, but instead found this Open Access. It's especially pleasing since there is simply too much garbage out there cheapening the name of a """"study"""" and there are only so many hours in the day."	
	
Thank you.	
	
" The proposal - and here I can't begrudge a laugh from you learned scholars - was to supply the cleaning staff with breathable shirts while simultaneously explaining the fact that they are burning calories on the job, similar to the hotel maid study. The breathable shirts is a necessary psychological bridge because of the social construction of the smelly janitor who is forced to chose between doing a good job in a shirt that keeps all the heat in (and often shows outward signs of sweating) or being an allegedly lazy janitor. It's quite the tightrope in fact and most people haven't the faintest idea of just how much is involved in being an exceptional cleaner in a hospital until they experience it for a prolonged period of time. So, give the shirts, sell the calorie-burning angle, and perhaps we can all, patients and staff, enjoy a fresher enviroment."""	1
I am originally from El Salvador. I came to Brazil to pursue a Doctorate in Law aiming to contribute with research and literature regarding internet governance and digital human rights. I have been researching and writing for almost 5 years now and have faced difficulties in both countries developing my research and doctoral thesis. Both countries have less access to literature regarding Internet Law and Internet Governance. Having access to research such as the one you are making available is fundamental to my work.	0
"I am a NH voter, earned an undergrad degree in US History, and am a writer. I want to understand how media is changing and how our understanding of reality is changing with it."	0
"I am a professor and I plan to use this study as part of my class on race, class, and gender in the media."	0
"I am an Attorney and Co President of Families Advocating for Campus Equality, an organization whose mission is to ensure fair and equitable procedures in campus sexual misconduct disciplinary proceedings. This article illustrates the importance of our mission and like other articles on this subject by the authors, will have an impact of public opinion which is often so severely misguided and uninformed.  Thank you."	1
"I'm a scientist and author of articles and slide presentations on the environment, climate change, renewable energy, and global warming policy."	
"this article was cited by Eric Alterman in a short piece on Bill Moyers & Co without much content. I want access to more details about this joint Harvard/MIT study of Partisanship, Propaganda, and Disinformation study."	
	
"As a scientist, I am concerned about the growing """"War on Science"""" as Shawn Otto puts it in his book of that title, and the growing failures to make conclusions and develop policy not based facts and sound science. I'm especially concerned about these trends:"	
	
#NAME?	
"1.The Earth's planetary history, climate history, AND the climate's role in the discovery of agriculture and the development of civilization"	
2. How science works	
3. How science has been central to the development of industrial civilization	
"4. The role of fossil fuels in powering that development, and the adverse consequences of the combustion of those fuels on the very future of industrial civilization as currently structured."	
#NAME?	
"-- The growth of many and varied sources of """"news"""" on the web and on cable news channels, not all of which adhere to strict rules to prove the veracity of facts and other information provided in a story"	
"And the adverse consequences of these trends for the future of industrial civilization and indeed all of humanity, in the extreme but fairly realistic science-based scenarios."	
I have published a few pieces about these concerns at:	
"“Yes, We Can! A Path to 100% Renewables”   https://medium.com/p/35644816e557"	
"Earth Science in the National Interest Will Donald Trump Learn to Agree?""""  goo.gl/Jjh85n"	
Anti-Science and Anti-Environment   goo.gl/JDHQ91	
"Renewable Energy Political Misconceptions (M) and Realities (R)""""   goo.gl/hhRdhh"""	0
"I am a graduate student and need access to research papers everywhere I go. But it is sometimes difficult when I have to, but cannot, remember one of a million passwords I may need to access a database like SagePub. This open access is a dream come true."	0
"I'm the Director of a small Hillel in Northern Nevada. I use the open access platform to find new ideas to inform my programming, to help me educate my students, and to show my board members we are using research and best practices from some of the finest minds in the nation."	
	
"My grandfather went to Harvard. This institution has long been the gold standard in my family since the 40's. While I could never afford to pay for attendance, the open access allows me to include Harvard as a thought partner in the meaningful work I do. It also exposes my students to Harvard's body of work."""	0
"I'm a master's student at Bowling Green State University studying microbiology. Your paper is referenced by Majumdar, P., et al. (2017) which I was reading over a cup of coffee. There was still coffee in the pot when I finished Majumdar's paper, and I was interested in learning more details about the science, so I read your paper as well. I may share your paper during a journal club."	0
"I'm looking up this article for an essay I'm writing on the composition, publication, and reception history of Jane Austen's novels: it is very helpful to have this article come up so easily via open access."	0
I am the managing director of an international news conference called News Xchange. This is the kind of background reading that is ESSENTIAL to my work.	0
"We had to desenvolve a whole project, with the subject being chosen by the students. I'm still in high school and my group chose to discuss about the Mars Rover and all of it's technology. We are discovering amazing stuff about NASA's project and we are intrigued about how fast they were able to enhance their technology."	0
"I am working on an ambitious 'Democracy Rescue' project, a non-profit educational mission utilizing digital media (web, YouTube and social media) to address the crises confronting “post-truth"" America:  rampant political extremism, stark division and polarization, weakening democratic norms, and poisonously high levels of purposeful disinformation — i.e., literal “fake news” — that intentionally misleads and manipulates the electorate.  I’m also exploring the failures and imbalances in press reporting that occurred during the 2016 Presidential Election, and Americans’ ever-increasing distrust of the Fourth Estate.  Studies like this one are enormously valuable to my research.  Thank you!"	1
It has not affected me yet but to have access to scholarship is always of interest to me.  I want to see the bias in the media rather than be a passive recipient of CNN etc	0
I'm not an academic or professional but I like to read primary sources - lots of them. Open Access is a dream come true. Thank you so much.	1
"I am a researcher and recent graduate working and living in the Bay Area in California, and I appreciate the accessibility that is provided by DASH. I think that so often, there is a sort of gatekeeping in academia that doesn't allow for the open sharing or appreciation of information, which then serves to limit who can understand a variety of issues in the changing world. I think that open access to this information provides greater opportunities for a vast number of people hoping to educate themselves and their communities."	0
"Hi, i´m a Engineering student, and your documents helped me a lot with research. Thank you all for your open acces policy, you help several people like me. Greetings from Mexico."	1
"I'm trying to get to the bottom of how Frederick Douglass could empathize with his slaveowners and this online piece has helped me in that journey. It's a lesson to all of us in radical empathy, and I'm grateful to Harvard for making this article available."	1
"I am researching how authoritarianism (the academic version as described by the research psychology community- i.e. Altemeyer, Duckitt, Stenner, etc.) is manifesting itself in the current environment."	0
I am an aspiring researcher and an African American mother of 5	0
Extremely helpful with several sudden pediatric deaths investigated by our office; the new knowledge has changed the way we investigate similar cases; it has also prompted a large local pediatric group to alter the immunization approach in kids with fever and/or personal or family history of febrile seizures	0
I am a 71 African American female who has been very motivated to vote for the best interest of those that follow me and myself. I worked hard to elect the most qualified person for POTUS who happened to be a woman and who recognized and respected America's diversity and that we must go forward together than down the decisive trail and rabbit whole that we are currently going down with the current #45.	0
"I am independent researcher and former senior military intelligence analyst who has been reading the literature on how the U.S. information warfare battlespace was influenced by Russian sources, as well as sources indigenous to the United States. However, my main research focus is on how the Christian Right and its allies are engaged in Fourth Generation Warfare against the federal government, a secular constitution, the Democratic Party and its base, as well as liberals, communities of color, and other social groups.  I read the Columbia Journal Review article. I want to read more on this topic."	0
"This objective account of media bias against the first woman nominee of a major party for President is important to all Americans.  The result of that media bias, the installation of a man completely unfit for the office of Presidency, has already been destructive beyond words."	
	
"Given the extraordinary power of the media to form opinion, calling them out on their slanted coverage in favor of one candidate and against the other has been extremely difficult.  The fact that your institution, with its own great prestige and credibility, published a study supported by research and facts, goes a long way towards effectively redressing that bias."""	0
"Watching the Presidential campaign I began to notice posts on social media that were knowable false, not necessarily through learned knowledge, but through critical thinking, common sense. I waged war on those types of post. I still am. Thanks for substantiating that my efforts were for a purpose and not imagined. These are days that make one question their sanity."	1
"I afraid I don't have much of a story. I saw a link to the paper. I was very interested in the subject, so I downloaded it to read. I do appreciate being able to access the work even though I don't have any special need other than my own interest though."	0
This will allow me to be a better informed citizen.	0
"I am doing a lot of discussion with various folks online about the election and the media patterns I observed anecdotally. It's very helpful to have evidence that backs up some of my observations, which allows me to spread more truth and less rumor."	0
"As psychiatrist who follows Crow's hypothesis about schizophrenia as a maladaptive by-product of changes in the brain that led to the human-specific traits of language, and grandfather of a girl with autism I was very interested in this paper."	0
"We're in the middle of a ""culture war"" your work is essential materiel."	0
"I'm an ordinary person, an active voter aka concerned citizen who has her own thoughts and opinions on the events on the past election. I wanted to see if my thoughts were verified or way off base. Sadly, my instincts seem to have been correct.  How do we maintain a free press while not allowing the disturbing distortions that are now seen as ""normal""? Thank you for this study."	1
"Concerned about the misinformation disseminated for the 2016 election, especially in light of Russian interference, hacking and CNP money."	0
Personal growth and education	0
I am a french PhD candidate in intellectual property law. 	
The access to useful work on my PhD topic has contributed greatly to my reasearch.	
"Simply put, without DASH and the many law articles freely available in the US I would have needed another Phd topic. The accumulation of fees to access some literature is an outdated business model, and Harvard is leading the way in offering an alternative. """	0
I am a researcher in Ecuador	0
"This story is dated as being published in 1997 but the truth of it is relevant today in 2017.   The only change is that the situation is much WORSE because the truth of the article applies to major diseases, not just minor ailments  To be brief, in 2008, I was diagnosed with severe coronary heart disease (disease that causes heart attacks and strokes) with a blockage of unknown size and location near my heart.  I was scheduled for an angiogram and told to buy nitroglycerin in case the worst happened.  I was probably faced with 2 choices:  some kind of open heart surgery or death.  Fortunately I lived in the age of the Internet and was able to search for alternatives and I discovered several products that claimed they could remove heart plaque without an operation.  After doing over a month of research and being subjected to ""scare tactics"" by ""established medicine"", I decided to try one.  The only side effect was diarrhea.  The remedy worked and I got rid of most of the plaque within 24 hours.  2 weeks later was my angiogram and the surgeons could not find anything to operate on.  I had beaten the ""incurable disease""  coronary heart disease. probably the worst killer in the world (even more than cancer) without an operation.  All along there was a cure for coronary heart disease that the FDA and Health Canada refuse to recognize.  I did some research as to why this cure gets classified as ""alternative medicine""  and it was easy to discover that powerful ""interests""  are using the clinical trial system to block legitimate cures from reaching the public.  This system has been set up to prevent quack and fake ""medicines"" from reaching the public (eg. thalidomide).  When it does that, it is doing its job.  What the public doesn't know is that it can also prevent genuine cures from coming to the market.  Such was the case of my cure which is called a ""chelation remedy"".  Why?  Too many people are making too much money from suffering and death.  When a person has open heart surgery, they take on average 12 drugs day, sometimes rising as high as 30.  In the United States alone, Americans spend $75 billion on heart medicine.  If the chelation remedy was recognized as a cure pharmaceutical companies would lose $75 billion in profits on the spot.  Other enemies would be heart surgeons, the funeral business, companies that make low cholesterol foods, and any other groups that make money from open heart surgery.  I have also found an effective non-medical way to treat gall stones (mint) and I have heard from others that Shiatsu Massage can cure hay fever and other allergies.  The entire health care industry including the clinical trial system needs to be investigated and thoroughly reformed.  As more and more people are trying effective ""alternative medicine"" and getting results, ""established medicine"" is on the way to oblivion."	0
"Open Access has given me the opportunity to research various subject areas, which I will then use for my students. I am high school science teacher and I'm always looking for different ways to engage my students.  I can use open access to show my students where they can look for valid information and what one day they may be able to do.  Thank you for the wonderful source."	1
This helps a lot for research projects.	0
"I'm a masters student in anthropology. This article may help me as I'm writing my thesis, which has to do with the assimilation of the Neanderthal genetic structure into that of the anatomically modern humans (AMH's)."	0
"My name is xxxx, the chief of TTX Antitumoral Research at BRI and a current high school senior, who has been investigating the synthetic purification, the electrochemical (voltammetric) diagnosis of Tetrodotoxin in vivo and vitro through Cyclic and Square Wave Voltammetry, as well as antitumoral and analgesic applications of TTX for more than 2 years at Biosensor Research Institute, Seoul National University of Science and Technology, South Korea. This research article has provided a valuable source of new information for me highlighting TTX’s potential as a superior alternative to opiodic analgesics and a novel sprout of thought: TTX used not singly but along with bupivacaine and epinephrine, a combination I have never considered before. I will continue my research on applications of TTX based on the new information I learned from this opportunity, wherein I plan to now use a combination of analgesics for in vivo trials and dual-crosslinked hydrogels to monitor and specify the effect of TTX on tumors. With successful in vivo trials of screening and “target-focusing” of the antitumor agent PTX, I believe that with these hydrogels TTX could also be applied to a specific area (tumors) without diffusing throughout the body if applied within a 3D boundary // jello scaffold structure. Thank you greatly, Harvard Community, for this open access opportunity!"	1
Research interest	0
"I am writing a novel set in the mythology of ancient Sumer. In this novel I depict the conflict between Uruk and Aratta. The city of Aratta is said to be five days travel from Uurk and then some ways into the mountains. The Zabu mountains are mentioned which may relate to the mountain region near the greater and lesser Zab. It is also near the border of the Cyprus forest which I have seen ancient survey maps pointing to this region. Further tin stone is mentioned in the walls of the city itself, and a ready source of tin would be slightly to the north of the location I am looking at. Other factors such as potential religious processional routs, the presence of a Hamazi refugee, and the fact that it is near enough to go to war with Uruk suggest that this city may have been in the mountains with access to the Zab rivers and with access to mining to the north. I am interested in researching potential sites to make various scenes in the book more authentic."	0
Access to information about 17th century French publishing industry history will help me write a short story no one will read about my final fantasy xiv characters. But I appreciate it.	0
Student	0
I am an MD looking to be able to advise a premenopausal pt with recently dx DCIS the best course of Tx	0
"I am actually retired and an independent researcher by now. I tought geography, cognitive psychology, envirinmental education, physiological psychology, psychobiology, psychology of music at the following Italian University: Un. Degli Studi, Milan; Un. Degli Studi, Turin; Un. Degli Studi di Urbino Carlo Bo; Un. Della Valle d'Aosta as my last appointment. My interest were (and are): Animal and human ethology, Language evolution, observation techniques and environmental education. Since I retired from academic and from the too many useless bureaucratic duties I devote my interest to theoretical work and reading. My project now is to write a book in my mother language Italian on the evolution of the human impact on environment from prehistory until now, profiting of my more nearly 40 years experience. As retired I cannot have any access to University facilities nor books and any free and open resource is very important for me."	0
I'm a Buddhist meditation teacher and teacher trainer.  Patrul Rinpoche is one of the liveliest 'ancestors' in my lineage.  I've visited the region where he lived and am closely involved with thinking and studying about him.  Materials on Patrul Rinpoche with a well informed scholarly point of view -- both friendly and sufficiently skeptical -- are rare.  So for purposes of my own reflection and teaching I am delighted to find and have access to Schapiro's thesis ...	0
I'm preparing teaching lectures and open access papers made my job easier!	0
I work in higher education as an online academic advisor. My training is in Career Counseling. We are working on creating a program for online students so they have access to career development information.	0
research on wine authenticity at the University of Siena- DNA testing with integrated techniques and bioinformatics	0
Very inspiring	0
"I am writing this from India, I am trying to understand the impact of global trade on firms. I specifically wanted to understand the Grossman and Hart theory in modelling this from the Indian perspective. Particularly, what this means for Indian firms seeking to increase it's global footprint."	0
I'm a masters student and DASH is crucial to me. It's frustrating when I want to cite something for an academic paper - I'm not trying to make any money off of it - and things are behind a paywall. Knowledge and science should be public goods for all humankind!	0
"I am writing a sequence of books, titled ""The origin and transformation of X"", X is sexes, gender, language and art, civilization, and violence. My first book is ""Hermeneutics of Megaliths"" publisher CSP. Looking in the internet, I found the present site. ""Origins"" - I hope I will find interesting thinks, but I am looking for a Publisher for my sequence of books ""The origin....""."	0
I was doing research to provide context and an overview of the history of suburbs up to the present for the artifact file for a 3-D planning model in our museum's artifact collection.	0
"Thanks for DASH! Open access papers accelerate my research and bring the scientific community closer to the ideal of a connected, communicative, curious world."	1
"Hello! Thank you for DASH! I'm a PhD student from Mongolia, currently studying in a PhD program between German and Chinese universities. When I'm in China because of the internet censorship I can not access my university's remote VPN. Most of the time it is blocked and even when it is accessible it is still not working. You have made my life easier by removing a few barriers. Moreover, even with the VPN the university library doesn't have access to all the articles I need, so I'm very supportive of open access initiatives. It makes no sense why so much research is behind a paywall that only a few can afford."	1
"I'm 42 and going back to college to study philosophy (after a 20+ year hiatus from academia with ""some college"" under my belt but no degree, formerly a viola performance major) in the hopes of being a student of philosophy for the rest for the rest of my life; the best way to accomplish that seems to become a professor. This article I found on the evolution of language is the latest in a long line of ""shiny new objects"" in philosophy that I have discovered. I was reading an article on aeon.co called ""Is linguistics a science?"" (and that's the reason why ""The Kingdom of Speech"" is on its way to me in the mail.) That lead me to an article called ""Chomsky, Wolfe and Me"" which lead me to reading about the Pirahã, recursion, and your article. I'm supposed to be rereading The Republic for the Philosophy 120 class I'm auditing on Tuesday for our discussion on Justice (after having already taking Philosophy 120 last summer, but I love philosophy so much I decided I needed more.) Thank you for having easy access to academic works like this for intellectually curious people like me."	1
"I'm a linguistics undergrad at Carleton, and Harvard DASH helped me access a particular paper I've been looking for for some conference work!"	0
"I have enrolled to do an MBA with Unicaf and my motivation has been to expose myself to business and economic principles so I can best understand what the leadership in my country should be doing to enhance economic growth of the country. There has been a lot of talk on a numbers of different policies and political will that I haven't understood from one government to another but one thing that I have noticed is growth has been slow. I want to be a part of the change and I can only make a meaningful contribution if I am well informed and can articulate issues. If I do become one of the leaders iin future I want to be recognised as on who can make impact because I am knowledgeable and hence this journey I have embarked on. This article is crucial in my research and if all the papers refernced can be availed to me, it will go a long way to help me in my research. Evans Kanche"	0
"I was writing an article on the history of arts. And I thought why don't I combine the history of beauty within? So I did quite a lot researches on the changes in makeup and DASH just popped out in one website's link. Before this, I was like lost among these scattered pieces of info. But the article on the history of lipsticks in DASH is amazing. I wasn't really expecting this! It is very thorough and well elaborated. So, thanks for this, I don't need more strength to make the outer puzzles together."	1
"Thank you for giving access to this article, being a student who is working on the own research is very important to have a valid source of information, however, not all required literature is easily accessible and therefore, thank you for supporting us in those way by giving chance to read and analyse this precious article."	1
"I'm away from my home institution in a small beach town, writing about classroom discussion and civic engagement. I've read Meira Levinson's book, but I have not read this handbook chapter that a number of articles are citing. I have on-line access to journal articles, but handbook chapters, so helpful in getting a sense of a field, are usually a dead end Today it wasn't, and she has a nuanced view of the civic education gap and an expressive flair that helped me in my writing and with a proposal."	0
This article is of interest for my dissertation research in ethical decision-making. Thank you for making this service available!	1
I am doing research on legal and regulatory aspects of a topic and the documents from the Harvard Law School available through Harvard DASH have been very informative.  These are resources I could not have had access to otherwise.	0
This allows me to share this with my colleagues and family in Latin America who can't afford to pay for journals.	0
"May the world see Peace through abundance, Prosperity of Equal Accessability and the knowledge to understand how to Thrive. My story is of a man on a mission to face adversity, speak as altruisticly as capable, pursue intellectual inquiry and have integrity as My mission is to solve complex systemic challenges that influence people most, while living life with a evolutionary philosophy of equality in descision science and choice."	0
"I am anticipating a diagnosis of autoimmune hepatitis, and so am researching everything i can about it, especially alternative treatment.  I am loathe to take prednisone because of the various side effects of that drug."	0
I am considering creating an award to fund efforts to reduce tax cheating	0
I am a director of field operations at NYC-Administration for Children's Services charged with developing an innovation to reduce racial disproportionality in court ordered supervision decision making.  My goal is to use data/research to identify the most effective ways to reduce this phenomenon.  I am currently a participant in NYC Step Data Leaders first cohort.  A program designed to focus on continuous quality improvement.	0
"I'm Julian Correa, I have a Masters from Texas A&M and I have yet to publish my results for my defense. Though my project was sufficient to graduate it would be unpublishable. I have been trying to clean it up and without access to many online resources previously available to me through TAMU, I'm left only with open access sources. Thanks greatly."	1
"Hi, I'm from Tunisia, and I'm an assistant professor and researcher in Accessibility, HCI, and model driven engineering. It's very helpful to find open access to papers in my field. Thank you."	1
It assists me with my dissertation when my own library does not provide access to key texts.	0
I am currently in a Masters program to become a Licensed Professional Counselor with an emphasis in trauma. I seek this information to remain abreast of current neurosciences concerning trauma in order to provide more inclusive psycho education.	0
I am a high school policy debater. Having open access to academic articles greatly assists me when researching in-depth topics especially since my school has limited access to databases.	0
I am just ending my own research on manager behaviour and this article is going to be of a great help	0
I am a researcher examining the impact of gentrification of indigenous residents of New York City's iconic neighborhood of Harlem.	0
"I am doing a systematic review, having an easy public access to papers really matters"	0
"I am a professor at the University in Mexico, sometimes to get access to a specific publications is very expensive, to have the chance to see in open access is really helpful for teaching!"	0
Civil servant working on civil courts in Scotland	0
"Thank you so much for making this article available about how beliefs influence experience.  Having an objective viewpoint is quite elusive.  I had been looking for info from this perspective regarding religious experience.  Part of the process  led me to see the that the job of a Bible translator is extremely complicated.  How do you translate Hebrew from the context of history and culture, and at the same time suspend personal beliefs and prejudice ?  "	
"	1"	
I am a seventeen year-old girl learning independently (with being formally enrolled in a school). I read an article about Chetty's work and wanted to read the work itself. I'm contemplating a letter to the editor and want to be confident that I understand Chetty's findings before I comment on them.	0
I am a faculty member at a state school in California. Having access to these materials helps me a better and more informed teacher and scholar.	0
"The techniques described in this paper provide a simple metric for dealing with a tricky question, concerning hidden confounders. Getting access to the paper has shown that the technique would fit well with Bayesian methods I've been developing for moving beyond simplistic pass/fail criteria based on statistical significance. See here: http://robertmatthews.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/DIApaper.pdf"	0
Open access makes it easier for me to research scholarly articles for school-related research without having to worry about logging into my school's library system.  It's nice to have access to research that is meaningful and can be utilized to inform public policy makers that isn't limited to a high priced databased that not all organizations can afford. I look forward to using it when I graduate with my Master's in Ed. Policy.	0
As a MA student in Intercultural Theology I am looking to learn more about my other academic interest: Semitic Linguistics. I look forward to reading several dissertations from the department of Near Eastern Studies to get a better idea of the scope of the field.	0
"I am a speech pathologist at an outpatient center in Southern California. It is part of a large healthcare company that provides intervention and support to children with autism and their families. All of the children we service here have a diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder. The therapy center where I work provides occupational and speech therapy and also houses the behavior team, which is comprised of ABA specialists who provide services in the child's home environment but who use the office for administrative purposes."	
"Most of the children receive all three services. The ability to share the information in this article with the occupational therapists, behavior interventionists, and families of the children who are not specially trained in language development will help to increase the amount of decontextualized language that they use when interacting with the children and thus will globally help increase vocabulary."	
"Thank you so much for this resource!"""	1
"I was a philosophy major who loves the field.  To date, Open Access has broadened my interest in philosophy immensely.  Access as a non student is difficult.  Having limited access due to pay walls often leads to dead research ends or disorganized research efforts."	0
I am an Orientation and Mobility Specialist teaching blind and vision impaired adults how to get around.  I am doing a presentation next week and the access to this article helped me in the research into brain plasticity as it applies to blind people.	0
I am a translator looking for a quote	0
"I am actually attending a research class for the first time and wanted to know if racism extends to research and this article was extraordinary. Needless to say, my professor and classmates were impressed and asked for more."	0
Currently working on identifying scientific methods to bring natural herbs and alternative medicinal practices to the forefront of community healthcare. This is a cheaper and affordable way to improve health and bring down the burden of disease. This resource is useful in understanding what a Developed Country like the US perception to the topic of alternative medicine.	0
I am a health nut	0
"I am a professor at the UNED ( SPANISH OPEN UNIVERSITY)  and currently due to lack of funds susctiption to manu journlas has been temporarily cancelled.  Open access for us represent a very valuable source of infromation ann very important to our students that are on line,"	0
I am looking for new idea in NN development.	0
I am an Australian PhD candidate researching trans-Pacific exchange of plants between California and Victoria (Australia) as a result of the gold rushes in both places in the late 1840s and early 1850s. I am particularly charting plant exchange by looking at the role of the U.S and Australian scientists and scientific institutions and the networks they formed. Thank you so much for making articles such as these freely available.	1
This is important research. I will share the article on CAL with colleagues at my institution. It will make a difference.	0
I am preparing one paper ZAbout social media and social media.This resource is very useful for me. Many thanks	1
need information about starch	0
"I have reached the conclusion that taxation is probably the most critical lever for steering an economy. In the UK at the moment, the balance between growth and inequality is something no political party has a credible solution for. This will, hopefully, be addressed in your paper and - if nothing else - provide a starting point for further reading."	0
I'm using Marshal Ganz's work on public narrative with a group of first semester students at Oklahoma State University who are learning leadership for social change following the public work/Public Achievement framework developed by Harry Boyte and colleagues at Augsburg University.  This article will be a key reading in the first semester course.	0
I am a teacher in CA who has developed teaching materials for historical empathy in 9th grade classroom.  I am leading professional development class and want to use the article as homework about why teaching empathy matters.	0
"I'm a PhD student in economics, currently working in Udaipur, Rajasthan, India. I have a literature review due soon after I return to the US, but I don't have access to JSTOR this summer. It's great being able to read papers from top journals when I'm not plugged in to campus."	0
Using this paper as support for my 2nd year research paper in my PhD program in Sociology.  Thank you for making it available!	1
"I'm a journalist and it makes it much easier for me to do research and find information to share with the public when articles are open access. Though I can get my employer to pay for articles that require payment, I am less likely to read them, to be honest. And I am less likely to generate story ideas from articles that I cannot read. It's difficult to justify spending $50 on an article that may or may not be of use . By not having articles be open access, publishers may be unwittingly presenting an incomplete scientific picture that contributes to lay people being ignorant of the subtleties and conflicts in scientific knowledge. This information should be available to everyone, not just people who work for universities with access to the services."	0
Used for assignment from legal aspect of sports and recreation class.	0
"Academic journal subscriptions have gone up in price quite a bit.  Meanwhile, academic libraries have become more and more distant to the general public, thus preventing an educated layman to access recent research without great cost.  DASH brings current research to the masses!"	0
It has been helpful in finding information regarding Snowball Earth during the Marinoan as for the final module of my Open University degree I have chosen that topic to study. I was looking for information about the end of this Snowball event and I can access some documents through the university library but it is handy to also sometimes come across things on the internet which are free to read to see if they help with my study which this did.	0
"I'm an International Relations freshman who is about to start his career. I joined an online politics magazine as a writer and Harvard's open access has helped me get top-notch research easily. This, combined with my own college's library and search engine, has been a great boon to my productivity and my studies. I am an avid self-learner, and I could not be more grateful because having this amazing and convenient resource will surely help me throughout my whole education and my proffesional endeavors after that."	1
"Hi, I'm studying animal assisted therapy and I have no access to on-line journals so I heavily rely on Google scholar and really appreciate these open articles for research in Rat-human relations."	0
DASH and Open Access affords me Ivy League-level research materials. Thank you for these opportunities!	1
I am working on a paper making an argument for or against college readiness driving curriculum in public schools. I am arguing for workforce preparedness and a greater inclusion of vocational tech programs in addition to college preparation.	0
"I am the writer of Mau Mau - the Opera, a libretto with music by Taran Carter. I have been asked to make a version for a contemporary art venue and so I am re-sharpening my intellectual tools and borrowing some new ones."	0
A friend and I are writing a short article on the necessity to develop an understanding of the common good and how this needs to be reflected in the school's behaviour management system. The end point is that we need to teach democracy and democracy is modelled and reflected in the behaviour management system: this system mirrors that in the democratic state.	0
Using it for the first time but this story relates to my life.	0
I do a significant number of Boston type 1 kpro surgery in the Philippines and this paper has been most helpful in my management of my kpro patients. I am the only surgeon who regularly does this procedure in the Philippines and such information as contained in this dissertation is most helpful.  The discussion was clear and insightful. Thank you for making this available to the public through open access.	1
As a doctoral student at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley I am writing a report on the early college high school movement which holds as a basic underlying theme that all students graduating from high school should have two-year associates degree for a significant number of college credits to ensure the likelihood that they will continue with higher education.	0
"As a scholar, this access has enabled me have some current literature in my areas of interest - Entrepreneurship, Management and Gender, which would not have been available. As a university professor, the literature allows me better facilitation in my teaching and learning as well as better decision making. In addition, the papers help me to think of critical areas for research that are relevant for my country. Thank you very much for this academic generosity. I look forward to partnering/collaborating with your professors in research and other matters in the academy."	1
"Harvard DASH has helped structured my thoughts towards addressing problems, the whole experience was excellent with different dimension of capacity building. I feel more equipped with a new school of thought. Many thanks Harvard."	1
I am graduate student at USC majoring Economics. This article really helped me to figure out how to do forecasting. Thank you	1
I have been into the occult(hidden knowledge) for a short time. This piece gives me a greater understanding of occult practices and principles .	0
Able to access research that undergirds widely distributed ideas in lay media.  I.e. Power Poses.	0
"this study suited my own MSc research into ireland's first SIF, as there is a lack of research among injecting drug user irish cohort."	
"I used the research in the lit review. so thank you"""	1
It has helpedbme by giving me information on my daughters condition.  She was diagnosed with acute necrotizing encephomylitis.	0
"I am going back to school to get my teaching credential. Open access allows me to delve more deeply into any topic that I am having trouble understanding and with this new understanding, better apply theories I am learning in school to my classroom."	0
I can use your results for my Master Thesis Project	0
"I'm writing my IB extended essay, on the Kosovo conflict."	0
"I am a community-oriented scholar-activist, and I participate in the Black Freedom Struggle. Divide and conquer strategies have long taken advantage of the opportunity to keep Blacks of different religious/faith identities at odds with one another. The dissertation to which I have gained access through Harvard DASH is a key step in helping people to see commonalities across faith lines. In the hands of the right teachers and leaders, it can facilitate a much better use of our resources (than silly debates about ""which religion is the right one"" and ""which religion is just a trick of the colonizer"""	0
"I am a speech and language pathologist, working with middle- and high school students.  I am continually interested in new research that could help me develop more effective and relevant assessment and therapy procedures for my clients, but I do not have free access to many of the articles I would like to study.  I really appreciated Harvard's DASH and Open Access programs-- it makes a difference for clinicians working outside the academic world, like me."	0
"I am a retired psychotherapist; a paralyzed stroke-survivor, from LA who's wife is experiencing dementia.  My 'survival mechanism' is my blog at http://www.LeagueOfGrey.wordpress.com.  Editing it gives me a sense of purpose and meaning that allows me to focus my energies creatively.  Your article ""God and Health: What More Is There To Say?"" was helpful to me and I wanted to thank you."	1
its good	0
"I am a teacher of a preparatory course for competitions in Brazil, a year of English literature and its diversity in teaching, so I chose to do the courses"	0
"Made it easy to find  dissertations that I couldn't find on ProQuest, perhaps because they are too recently published? I'm currently a ph.d student, but before I enrolled in school, I did not have access to much of the knowledge that is so easily accessible to students, and i was overwhelmed to how much information is accessible to college students these days online. But when not connected with a college, that information is extremely expensive, so you have to be very careful about what you pay to read and what you don't. I think this knowledge would benefit society to be accessible, because often the research is reported in the news or on popular media sites, and is misinterpreted, overly simplified, misleading."	0
Read Harry Potter Series. That's vaguely based on me.	0
I am a retired PhD Computer Scientist working on an application of Quantum Computing to a specific problem in Artificial Intelligence. 	
	
"I haven't got much money and the cost of access to much key knowledge is far beyond my means e.g., Springer publications can cost hundreds of dollars and single articles $35. "	
	
"My political view on this is that documentation of work paid for by tax dollars should be freely available but access to much of it is restricted in the name of profit and that is unlikely to change so freely available, well-managed resources for credible, peer reviewed material are valuable to people like me. "	
	
"To the extent that those of us without formal institutional access who want to pursue research can move beyond maybe-right/maybe-wrong usually anonymous Wikipedia-type resources, we will be more likely to accomplish something of value. "	
	
"This is especially relevant now that an entire generation of baby boomer scientists and academics are retiring and will therefore generally have reduced access to important, peer reviewed resources."	
	
"Any initiative that provides parity access to knowledge for that generation of scientists, the ones that will follow, and smart laypersons who want to pursue research but don't have parity access to knowledge, will almost certainly enhance society's ability to create knowledge and use it for, one hopes, good. """	0
I'm writing a book about eating local and the Harvard DASH research paper on the history of the USDA organic certification program is the most thorough and understandable reference I've found.	0
My family and I have became a target to the group organozation of people. Following the Deepwater Horozon Oil Rig Explosion in which my deceased husband was a survivor of prior to his sudden death in 2014.	0
"Thanks for this, I appreciate open access as I believe in freely accessible knowledge. Was looking for an influential paper about the failures of Big Data and found it here. As a former academic, I lost all paid access to journals so have to mainly rely on open access to keep up with research to know/read about new developments. I believe it is pivotal that we go more and more towards the free sharing of knowledge, as research doesn't necessarily get used only in academic institutions anymore and there's lots of appetite for it outside. Furthermore, I believe academia itself should push more for not being strangled by the monetisation of its results."	1
"As an instructor for adult practitioners, it is a constant challenge to make myself relevant, understood, connect and impart project management education - Harvard DASH is a source for my rejuvenation and learning."	0
MEDICAL KNOWLEDGE SHARING IS THE BEST HELP TO THE SCIENTIFIC COMMUNITY .	0
"I am a community college student working on an honors research paper. My topic addresses rising income inequality and the Universal Basic Income as a short term solution. Access to primary sources and quality source material in general, like those provided through DASH, are invaluable."	0
"I am immensely grateful for free access to these articles.  As a social worker and grief blogger, my website has over 2 million visitors a year who are primarily individuals who are grievers.  As a social work it is very difficult to keep up with the cost of access to journals, but as an explainer site providing grievers and professional information, support, and education about grief it is crucial we have access to research.  There has long been a disconnect in grief between researchers, practitioners, and grievers.  Open Access through DASH democratizes information that can be immensely helpful to individuals coping with grief and the professionals that support them."	1
"I learned about the data in this article anecdotally on Twitter, but wanted a citation before I shared it with my team at work.  I was able to download the article from DASH and share with my colleagues, thus opening a discussion that could be backed with research rather than hearsay.  It enhanced our understanding of heat-related risks for older outdoor workers and was a good health and safety moment.  As a private company, we are not given the kind of resources to access journals and databases like our academic colleagues are.  I will be taking advantage of DASH again in the future.  Thank you!"	1
"I teach IB English Literature Years 1 & 2. During Extended Essay season, I'm always seeking out Harvard or Harvard-level theses as examples of the bar I want set for my students' essays."	0
I am an ED of the Chiari & Syringomyelia Alliance Project.  We are researching NINDS Consensus conferences.	0
I help run a hackerspace in Culver City Los Angeles where we try to keep our members and the public educated about technology and culture issues. Making sure that we can include information that is thoughtful and well researched is important to our programs. Thank you.	1
"I work with libraries and archives of all sizes in a 10 county area in Upstate NY (around Albany). Many of the repositories I work with hold materials that aren't available elsewhere and have limited public access due to small (or no) staff and hours by appointment. They can be  reluctant to post orphan works online because they are worried about getting into legal trouble, something institutions with extremely small budgets cannot afford. This article - ""Digitizing Orphan Works: Legal Strategies to Reduce Risks for Open Access to Copyrighted Orphan Works"" will be very helpful to me in advising them. They will be able to make their materials available to others while minimizing legal risk. "	0
I am writing an article on Sodium cobaltate. This thesis is well written with a good summary of the literature up to the date of submission.	
"Saved me so much time."""	0
This article is helping me learn about international finance.	0
"I have researched new religions that are small, possessed of few resources, initially unpublished and unrepresented outside their own membership. In other words, there are very few informative articles on the subject.  Harvard DASH/OpenAccess provided an article with information on one particular group I was researching. I now better understand the group in terms of comparative religion and 'in se', and am better able to discuss the religion with others both within and outside the organization."	0
"I am writing a paper for my MBA program about how the granular work of SASB could ultimately tie into the expansive Planetary Boundaries framework; ultimately aggregating a robust, systems level sustainability reporting framework from a micro to macro level."	0
I#m writing my master thesis about a similar topic. about bergsons critics on einsteins theory of relativity in the context of their conceptions of time	0
"Indian Science Education is severely afflicted by individual- based competition. CUBE ( Collaborative Undergraduate Biology Education) initiated a program to make functional network of colleges (~35,000) across the country by making linkages among students, teachers and research scientists."	
"Simple Model Systems are used to ask questions which are then collaboratively addressed by groups of students from different parts of the country, thanks to the availability, albeit limited, of the New Media. Students Report their Long term questions along with the Immediate term and Short term  Plan of Work, on a daily basis. This spurs others to ask questions for clarification which necessarily encourages them to look for citations in literature."	
	
"A simulation of Galapagos, called Pagalapos, in small drpressions in Storm-water drainage covers on the road side in Town and Mumnicipal areas across India, led students and teachers to look at organisms like Rotifers, among other soil organisms, that emerge from dormancy, in the dry soil of Pagalapos wells  on adding water in non- monsoon season. "	
"Online and off-line discussions led them to the curious case from Mathew Messelson's group of Bdelloid rotifers displaying Horizontal Gene Transfer, apparently to maintain genetic diversity in possiblly in  an organism which otherwise apparently have asesxual mode of reproduction."	
"The article published in Science is accessible to these largish  groups of students, free of cost, thanks  to Harvard DASH!"""	1
"As an undergraduate student in Dementia Care with the University of Tasmania, this access gives me trustworthy and valuable resources for my study. Thank you"	1
I read and cited this paper as a resource for a paper on inequality in education for an undergraduate Sociology class. Thanks!	1
Working on my master thesis on the impact of internet for adult education I found this amazing and valuable paper. German researchers should more often focus on brilliant research results of US institutes <3 Thank you!	1
I am a retired medical doctor with a life-long interest in languages and how they change and diverge. I found this article fascinating and largely comprehensible. Without DASH there is no way I could have read it. I look forward to further accessing your database.	0
"I am a runner, an amateur armchair anthropologist & a practicing physical therapist with no institutional affiliation from which to access scholarly work. Thanks for making this article that brings these strands together available."	1
It benefits me by me not having to log-in via. my annoying university library access and get the article there. Makes everything easier.	0
I am in the process of starting with my dissertation at this time I am reading a lot of different dissertations for orientation purposes.	0
sdf sdfs sg sdfg hn fgh dthdfhgdf	0
this helped me as a was a credible source and it allowed me to strengthen my argument this open policy was truly very helpful	0
"When competing in High School debate, the search for quality sources other than main stream opinion pieces can be hard, as many times scholarly articles and studies are hidden behind pay walls. OCS provides me with a way to use and cite quality articles and allows me to succeed."	0
"Published research is freely available. We cannot charge for everything in life otherwise science will not work. Research is performed by students who do not charge their professors an ""hourly rate"". It is also performed by professors who work far beyond 9 to 5, who work during summer even when they are not paid. So, published research to a large part is an outcome of effort much more than one is paid for. Unless such an effort is made, breakthroughs in science will happen at a much slower pace. Furthermore, researchers pay for publication charges to the journals. Hence, journals cannot double-charge by asking the readers to pay for the publications. DASH is a great effort to remove all barriers in distribution of knowledge. "	0
I am a Brazilian Ph.D Student in Economics interested in an alternative to current fiscal policy implemented aroud the world. To do so I need to understand the found fathers of current thinking on fiscal policy.	0
"I have a presentation due tomorrow, and I need to throw together a literature review. Much appreciated the ease of use. Lifesaver!"	0
"My name is xxxx. I received a Bachelor's degree in Finance from a state school in Pennsylvania. I enlisted in the U.S. Army, but I am looking at my options and desires for after my service is up. One profession I would like to consider is one in law, specifically business law. This article will hopefully help me to learn more about the ins and outs of mergers and acquisitions and give me a better idea whether or not corporate law may be for me."	0
"Thak you Harvard DASH! You made my day! I'm a PhD student in Milano and I work for a  public research institute, this article is full of important references for my PhD thesis!"	0
I used it for my undergraduate thesis	0
"I am a well-being and engagement coach in the Washington, DC area. Access to cutting edge research on Mindset and it's affect on our well-being enables me to deepen my work with my clients, increasing their engagement with their lives."	0
"Hi! I am currently conducting my research project (thesis) in Stockholm, which is the final requirement for a Masters degree in Economics research. I am very much grateful for Open Access because, true to its name, it gives me access to professional articles that I often cannot access otherwise."	1
"I am researching my heritage, and am a high school biology teacher. I am an avid armchair genealogist and directed DNA studies of myself, my sister, and my aunt and uncle."	0
"I´m a UNC (National University of Córdoba, Argentina) student. I needed an article and found it here. It's for a monograph I need to do to approve Social and Cultural Anthropology."	0
Thank you. My brother had alk rearrangement NSCLC and I want to easily keep up on new information. I know it is rare but things may change rapidly.	1
thank you for making this article accessible.	1
I had big problem in getting high quality Journals. But DASH helped me to escape such difficulty. It is unfair to make publications inaccessible. Thanks DASH	1
I am a researcher looking further into the link between birth defects and exposure to Agent Orange. Being ale to access this research has helped guide the direction of my search.	0
I am an independent academic translator. Open access to the sources cited in the books and papers I translate is crucial to my work. Thank you.	1
Working on car demand structuring demo-related factors in Europe	0
"I am a child of international adoption. I was adopted to the US from Chile during the Pinochet era. I have been looking for writings on international adoption online to understand more about human rights and adoption. For me, it is a complex issue and a deeply personal issue. It was very helpful to find this online resource: “International Adoption, The Human Rights Position.” Post-graduation, I do not have easy access to scholarly articles or peer reviewed literature. *Note: this article was pre-peer review."	0
"I live in Hong Kong, I'm originally from South Africa.  I build training frameworks for global companies - not in the macro HR sense - but rather employee owned and driven learning processes.  I've worked in adult and professional education since '94.  I've been interested in how effective apprenticeship type structures are in bringing about positive change in people and companies.  The field I work in is Banking and Finance.  You find apprenticeships in the form of internships - but there is very little thinking in these about how that process actually works, how people learn, how that learning is a bidirectional process.  A friend of mine showed me your CVL article - and I found it fantastically helpful and insightful.  Only a few people are bright or wealthy enough to go to Harvard.  When you make articles like this publicly available, you reach out and offer a helping hand to the rest of us - it's a valuable kindness and investment in our species.  Thank you."	1
"I'm a publisher assistant at the Antonio Nariño University in Colombia, South America. Part of my work is editing articles in terms of content, structure, orthography... that the references each author cite are well written (with APA structure) and that each one has the apropiate link or doi to the digital content."	
	
"Being able to do a search, find the exact article and give the possibility to my readers to access it online, with a single click, throughout the references section, is meaningful and worthy in terms of distributing knowledge to our readers, in general. In that way, I'm very grateful Harvard has Open Access to a lot of the published articles that, for instance, once where out of our hands in respect of accessibility."""	1
"My grandson is a soccer player, of eleven studying Ancient Greece in school . I was a classics major ages ago and this article allows us 'to see the game of episkuros in social and Homeric depth. I read homer at Columbia u with prof Howard porter in the 1960s. In general terms 'the relation between war and competitive sports persists through millennia"	0
I needed this for a TOK project. It helped me learn about the role intuition plays in Ethics.	0
"I'm a fine art student creating work about consumerism and environmental conservation, I found this article useful for my proposal for my work, using it to find information about the psychology behind consumerism and it's effects on society."	0
I am a rural student taking online classes through Eastern Oregon University.  Having open access makes getting quality evidence based research easy to get.  I have online access to my university library but it rarely seems to have the data bases I need which are generally health related.  I spend excess time trying to find back door ways to research at home.  Being able to get reliable information at home is indispensible to my learning but also giving me up to date data to share with co-workers and the clients I work with in mental health.	0
"I am writing a book on the old hiking trails of Mt. Desert Island.  Before Acadia National Park became a park, and  beginning in the mid 1800's, a stream of artists and scientists visited the Island or had friends who visited the Island.  Harvard became a cauldron of competing opinions about  natural science, the geology of Agassiz vs. the Origin of Species by Darwin, for example.  Harvard was an educational institution that at one time expressed these competing views.  It was very much Agassiz & Church vs Darwin & Asa Gray.  Mt. Desert focused the views of Agassiz and Church.  From time immemorial people who have visited the island (Indians, settlers, scientists, artists) have created or used a huge network of trails."	0
"I have found it useful in illustrating the role of the 'third variable' in vaccine effectiveness studies. Though confounding is talked about in many epidemiological circles, its specific importance in vaccine effectiveness studies and, how to adjust for it is not as easy. In discussions during the just concluded World Immunisation Week program in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, I referred to your very well written paper to illustrate this concept."	0
I'm a grad student in Belgium. The open access policy allowed me to read a relevant paper for my paper.	0
I don't lie anymore.	0
The study pubblished and made available will be an important piece in my dissertation on nutrition program and increase productivity.	0
"Am interesting in making comparisons with China political economy,"	0
"I'm a post graduate student at a Malaysian public university.  With the current Ringgit's depreciation against the USD, journal articles have become really expensive for us. So this open access definitely helps. Thank you so much Harvard."	1
"I am a bookseller working in a Rare & Antiquarian specialty shop in Salt Lake City. The article ""Printers' Devices as Decorative Elements in Library Architecture"" has helped me in my research on printers' marks, elements, and devices relating to antiquarian book collecting."	0
"My wife has stage iv non-small cell lung adenocarcinoma. She is a ""never smoker"" with egfr mutation being treated with Tarceva and is a patient of Dana-Farber. I spend at least an hour every day doing research to see if I can find any new information. Sites that provide scholarly articles and info from legitimate sources are of paramount importance to me in my search for information and answers. Thank you for providing this site."	1
"I had an interesting conversation about common knowledge over lunch with some coworkers, though none of us knew the concept by name. It led to us trying to draw diagrams of knowing, knowing that someone knows, knowing that knowing that knowing that something knows, etc., trying to find a diagram that accounted for fully common knowledge without invoking infinity directly. The fact that we (a bunch of nerds) were all stumped by something that seemed so simple, was interesting. Separately, I read some of Pinker's books and decided to browse around his webpage. I was excited to see a paper on the subject that had previously piqued my interest, and I was even more excited to see that I could read the paper without a journal subscription. Thanks!"	1
Retired physicist; still doing research in various areas of science	0
"I'm a degree candidate, and I use DASH to do research."	0
Accessing scholarly research directly enables me to spend more time on understanding information rather than searching for it. Thus I learn more and learn faster.	0
"I'm in a Sociology course titled ""Development and Social Change"" and am writing a research essay on gender inequality on education, with a focus on how colonialism and capital development inherently subordinated the (already limited position) of women. "	0
I read most of an unfinished article on the concept of demons in science and society. This was thought-provoking and intelligent writing. Thank you for providing free access to scholarly writing.	1
"I'm writing a book for Oxford University Press on modern science of conscious cognition. I just downloaded Witzel's article on shamanism in Northern and Southern Eurasia, entitled ""Methods for changing consciousness."" I think it is obviously relevant, and I'm grateful to Harvard and the DASH project for making it available to scholars like myself. "	1
"I am a retiree, late assistant professor in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Pisa; I have at present a teaching contract with Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa (Italy) and teach in a seminar course to first-year biology students on the structure, functions and dynamics of mitochondria. This paper has been very useful to me in preparing a lecture on coordinated expression of nuclear- and mitochondrion-coded OXPHOS subunits."	0
Applying for job at NFL Players Association; doing pre-interview research	0
"I am a part time MPhil student in Barbados at the University of the West Indies. As a working parent of young children it is quite difficult to spend long hours in the campus library and so being able to access research material this way makes it possible to do quite a bit of research from at home. It is a convenience I did not have during my undergraduate years and makes a huge difference, as many times I simply could not access printed material even while spending long hours on campus then. "	
	
"Since returning to do my postgraduate work my grade have been better and its a lot less stressful because I don't have to spend extremely long hours away from my family while I try to improve myself and my qualifications."""	0
"I’m a researcher, and a university student from Morocco, working on my master's thesis of International trade about the subject ""Free trade and economics growth""."	
Unfortunatelly I can't study at Harvard but it'll be a pleasure for me to read your publications	
"xxxx."""	0
"I am a CTE graduate student, and advocate.  As such, I rely on data and experiences such as that of the Pathways to Prosperity work.  I appreciate the significance of the data, and the ""call to action"" as laid out by the writers.  I am hopeful that my work in my little corner of education will be relevant, and so am inspired by the work of other states, countries, and researchers."	0
"This article helped me in my research on how to revise my mastectemy because of BAD.  I am very pleased with the results and could feel my pec muscles joy as soon as I woke up from surgery.  I am on my yoga mat 6 days a week and I have been able to return to my full practice in kidding the arm balances, which were impossible with the BAD when my pectoralis muscle was displaced."	0
I am a 67 year old female returning to school to get an MA in applied anthropology.	0
"I read a New York Times magazine article that stated drd4 would increase risk taking and that us americans have the highest amount of DRD4 among the world. The author refered to a Harvard study, which I wanted to read. I now Know that the studys about DRD4 are not 100% reliable since they were implemented in under different circumstances"	0
I am a student researching for a class project in a graduate-level course on creativity taught by Dr. Csikszentmihalyi. Open access to research articles is always appreciated as I seek more knowledge and citations!	0
"Canadian federal agent working at the Public Health Agency of Canada, your open access is making possible to access evidence-based information for all.  I am using you as an example.  Now, we need plain language abstract to make accessible for all these valuable information."	0
I am a writer for Bloomberg Businessweek. I am reading this article for research on a story.	0
"I'm preparing a talk, to High School students, about the methods of science and technology, and need to illustrate the evolution of our knowledge. As new evidence comes in, we may modify our practice, even to the point of reversing previous recommendations. The latter should not be taken to mean that ""you cannot trust scientists, one day they'll tell you one direction, and the next they'll tell just the opposite"". Much to the contrary: each day we do as best we know, a reversal of recommendations may be a higher level of knowledge; the previous state being incorporated into the current status, and valid, still, perhaps within a certain range of circumstances."	
"	0"	
"Following Ur et al through the Erbil Plain archaeology seasons outbof academic and personal interest. Student of history archaeology and use of Spatial Infomation - GIS software imagery capture and ultimate use. Using Ur's successive papers in a comparative exercise against David Mattingly's equally exciting continued exploration of Libya, commonly known as the Desert Migration Project of the Fezzan."	0
"finding and being able to read this article helped me in forming a view on the born vs made debate in leadership, which helped me develop my idea for an exam. thanks so much!!"	1
"Law student at Wash U. St. Louis. Studying for my final exam on Legislation. Textbook author William Eskridge states in a footnote that this essay by John Manning is ""a neat essay appreciating the new legal process [theory] by a critic"". First time I've seen a essay described as ""neat"" by a textbook author. I knew I needed to read this one. Thanks, Harvard. "	1
"I am writing a book with the working title: ""The Exquisite Advantage of Infectious Microbe"".  While I am a Sociologist, my research emphasizes human social and infectious microbial interactions.  Anything that helps me understand these interactions advances my research.  Science should return to its Enlightenment influences.  Knowledge is the ultimate goal, not the dominance of either a single discipline nor the arbitrary and false dichotomy of 'hard sciences' and 'soft sciences'.  The Theory of Relativity demonstrated the overlap between the two more than a century ago."	0
Thank you! As a student it helps to be able to access content.	1
"I am working on researching collaboration for complex challenges, and your open-access paper certainly helps with the process of exploring key source materials.  Thank you!"	1
Working on construction of narratives re Ground Zero/lower Manhattan and found Nye's work on soft power and bin Laden's use thereof. Nye's article in Current History was useful.	0
"I'm a student in classes préparatoires in France, and this article was mentioned in my economics book! The paragraph in which it was mentioned intended to explain how Robert Barro explained the discretionary fiscal policies' inefficiency. It really helped me to have access to the full article and thus fully comprehend Barro's point. Thanks for DASH!! :)"	1
Open access allows me to find and use ideas that intellectual property monopolies would otherwise make impractical for me to consider.	0
"it has provided me with many important articles and contents for my college studies. Also , the contents are very helpful and easy to understand ..."	0
"I admire the ""Legacy"" of the Stuntz family.  I am a genealogist and writing a book about the family's early origins in America and coming forward to the present time.  They all have special talents and gifts.  I know he must be related, but have not tracked his branch on the tree, but was interested in reading about his life and how he ""paid it forward"" to others in his field.  He is an inspiration."	
"	0"	
I'm currently preparing a presentation about browning of white adipose tissue and this article gives a a good idea flow for the introduction part.	
"Thank you for open access."""	1
"Harvard DASH provides significant increases in scholarship to researchers in ""remote"" places, such as my home in rural northern Georgia.  Many Thanks!  "	1
I am a disabled veteran studying political science at UC Davis. I am using this document as a research component in Global Conflicts in the Modern Era	0
I was able to write a speech for my high school competition using this article!	0
I am a student writing a research paper about MDMA.	0
I am preparing for an interview as a research assistant into mindfulness applied to NHS staff. Years ago I followed the work of Singh et al based in the states and have seen they use particular methodologies that perhaps limit the power of their research. I am particularly interested in empowering not encroaching individuals with Autism Spectrum Conditions and want to read this article on research methodologies to learn more about how these interventions can be applied.	0
"I am Pablo Castro and am a geologist from Colombia. I am deeply interested in litetarure, specially the works of WG Sebald. Although I don´t have an academic interest, I always am looking for scholarly work on his books and writings. I think this opportunity made possible by Harvard for letting the access open to those kinds of work is wonderful. Otherwise, here in countries or cities like the one I live in, it would be almost impossible to have access to these kind of academic works. Thanks again."	
"Pablo"""	1
Mexican studying a MSc in Germany (Kühne Logistics University). Specializing in Leadership Humanitarian Aid operations.	0
I am acting as a judge in a Moot Court argument on specific personal jurisdiction.  As primarily a criminal law attorney I needed to brush up on specific personal jurisdiction especially regarding internet advertising.	0
"As a part of my Ph. D literature review, It is important for me to review this paper. I am thankful to Harvard for sharing this openly."	1
"I'm a troubled soul by nature, always have been. I got flung out of school, got in trouble with the law, and by my early 20's was drinking too much and getting into too many fights. After a looking down the barrel of a prison sentence, I was lost. I left my job and started reading and I read veraciously, stories transplanted me somewhere; a vessel to calmer plains and pacific waters. After a few years of hard graft, I decided to try my luck and university. I tried and I was successful. But I had years of catching up to do, many damaged brain cells to repair, many insecurities to conquer. My public education was awful and I needed outside support. The internet provided the means but the great American institutions provided the raw data, the intellectual dynamite required for blowing my intellectual cobwebs off and seeking higher intellectual atmospheres. Both Harvard and Yale have been key-planks in allowing me to rendezvous with redemption. With the click of a mouse, they have provided a mine of world-class academic literature that has helped me prosper as an individual. For that I am grateful to Harvard, Yale, and the other great institutions that provide opportunity to learn. I am now a digital marketer and  studying an MSC to progress my career further."	1
I am a student and this is helpful for my civics class	0
I read about this study in a book and wanted to read the actual research to make sure that the book was accurately reporting the conclusions and results.	0
"I'm a web developer at a state university, trying to see if migration to ArchivesSpace is going to be a painful, painful beast.   David Mayo's article ""The Devil’s Shoehorn: A case study of EAD to ArchivesSpace migration at a large university"" was very helpful for seeing that I will need to stock up on antacid pills as I start this effort -- but that yes, it is doable. "	0
I'm a business person and having access to research like this makes my work substantially easier! Thanks!	1
"I'm a newspaper editor in Nebraska, writing an editorial on the potential impact of income tax cuts proposed by NE governor."	0
I am searching for zero inflated poisson regression models  (ZIP) or doubly zero inflated  bayesian poisson regression models	0
"I am taking a MOOC course in the architectural imagination, offered by Harvard on the edx platform. Picon is one of the lecturers, and I got hooked into his ""historical"" perspective. Having access to this article helps me better understand Picon's views and approach. Thank you. "	1
"I am writing an assessed essay for one of my Undergraduate Philosophy modules. The essay will be dealing with Mark Schroeder's account ton the embedding problem, and I found this openly shared Harvard paper through an open online search when looking for responses to Scroeder's original account. Thank you very much for sharing this paper, it will provide very useful for me in my studies of this module!"	1
"I'm a student at Whitworth University doing a presentation on Michele Lamont and the uploaded, available published works from Lamont are very helpful to better understand her research and impact in the sociology realm."	0
"I am a visiting student at the University of Oxford in England and was able to use the article ""An Early Case of Color Symbolism: Ochre Use by Modern Humans in Qafzeh Cave"" to complete a senior thesis. "	0
This is great	0
"I'm a bolivian student of economy and graphic design, interested in investments relevance on economy, and what factors encourage it."	0
"I am a retired  professor who last taught at a small liberal arts college.   I now live about two hours' drive from the nearest university library, so any trip to do substantial library research requires an overnight stay.  Although I have online access to a few academic journals through my American Economic Association membership, most journals are no longer available to me unless I pay exorbitant fees for individual papers.  My undergraduate and graduate institutions do not yet provide their alumni with access to JSTOR, as some universities do.  This article I am accessing is one I plan to read and discuss with people in my community who look to me to find and explain to them current findings  in economics and other social sciences.  By helping me to keep up in my field, you are also helping to disseminate this information to a whole community of people, most of whom are retirees like me with  college degrees and active minds, but  only limited access to the latest scholarly research for the reasons mentioned above.  We very much appreciate programs DASH that enable us to continue our lifelong learning outside the academy."	0
I am a federal district judge and wanted to read the review of Is Administrative Law Unlawful	0
I'm writing my thesis and i'm studying the economic impact of the European Monetary Union on trade volumes within the European countries.	0
I model meta-ethical structures in computer code seeking to build a platform for the expression and testing of moral philosophy.	0
I am writing a middle grade/young adult book on one aspect of the transatlantic slave trade.	0
"I am a novice student of Cognitive Psychology and have been looking for trustworthy sources of information on the topic of Concept acquisition and formation. To have access to such reliable and prestigious institution as Harvard is for me an honor and a priviledge, specially since I come from a underdeveloped country and my resources, both academically and financially, are quite limited. By providing such access you are contributing to the advancement of learning and intellectual development."	0
"I am a current student in the Master in Migration Studies program at the University of San Francisco. My current research is about the use of digital storytelling in Muslim immigrant communities as a form of resistance in a post-9/11 Islamaphobic United States. As this is a niche area of research in an emerging field of academia, I appreciate any access to high quality sources such as this. Thank you for liberating knowledge, the world will be better for it!"	1
"My daughter has ESES/CSWS, which is a rare form of childhood epilepsy. Pediatricians and even neurologists are not aware of this syndrome. The article available on Harvard DASH will help me be a better advocate for her, talk knowledgeably with doctors, and make informed decisions for her. Thank you!"	1
"I'm medical teacher, neurologist in São Paulo, Brazil. I finnished my Medical Residence in Paediatrics Neurology in UNICAMP, a very importante University in Brasil. I participated on Education Medical Symposium one year ago and one of speakers mentionned about this article."	0
Taking course in solving complex problems through Coursera.  Trying to under the relationship asserted between complexity and energy rate density.	0
"Hi! I'll be honest and say that I haven't used Harvard DASH all that much, at least not consciously. (I'm taking the time to write because I used to go to Tufts (now I'm at the University of Sydney!) and this open call for responses makes me nostalgic for my time in Boston (also: my mum went to the Harvard Grad Sch for Education).) THAT SAID, a big thank you for doing what you do! Information, like money, is only useful when it is used. Thank you for letting information be used."	1
"I am both an Economics major in De La Salle University in The Philippines. I needed to start my paper and Abenomics has confused me. There aren't enough sites online that are credible enough to cite, and the history of it all is all over the place. I found a great thesis that helped me from the start to year 2013 of Abenomics. I am writing this with extreme thanks."	1
I am lecturer .	0
I hadn't heard of this reply. i'm greatly interested in Buchanan's theory of public debt and the equivalence of its harmful effects even if purely diomestic.	0
"The document provided by Harvard, has assisted be with my AP World History research paper, I am a sophomore at Bishop Dunne Catholic School in Dallas, Texas and I have found this research an essential source for my paper, it has provided me with an incredible amount of information with quotes and research that have enhanced my paper."	0
"I am a physician writing memoir. I was Dr. Robert E. Gross' patient in 1954. I had severe pulmonary stenosis and had had SBE twice. In memoir, I am exploring my experience as a 'sick kid' in that era and how it impacted my choice of medicine as a career and my life as a whole."	0
I'm interested in how education contributes to economic growth.	0
I am writing a paper on a proposal for institutional change in the US government for a political science class at Florida State University.	0
"I am BA graduated in Economics from Addis Ababa University (AAU) in 2014. Currently, I am advanced my MA on Project Management at AAU. Beside, I am working in a bank as Loan and Trade Finance Officer.As long as I win the other will the external environment, my will is to learn more and most of all and any time."	0
I was looking for a health promotion article in the popular press for my graduate nursing course and found that our local paper was discussing cereal and fiber intake.  I really appreciate that I had free access to a newly published article.  Thank you.	1
"I am an author who writes near term science fiction i.e. Cyberpunk. The contact and conflict theory in the document I read is part of an ongoing research strategy that allows me to world build for my series. It grounds character motivation, action, and activates plot."	0
URL	0
School research is so much more convenient	0
"is about the Galician oil mining company ,and the oil shares ,money mygreat grand father bought never lived to see if they made money or not ,i have his oil shares pass book now over 100 years old ,what i want to know is what happened to the oil comp and the bankers who took the money for the shares the name on the shares book is Hatton Morris @ company ltd they collected this oil share money in Liverpool England ,going from the book from 1913/4 to 1919 ,my great grandfather died in 1920 and still is money sits in this book ,share this and see if you can find out where on earth did the oil go and most of all what happened to his money , i am thinking the British government were involved rising money by selling oil shares to aid the great war effort . which was to claim the life of my grand father one of the first to go into france in 1914  please help ,,,ps if there is anymore i can help with please let me know god bless"	0
"is about the Galician oil mining company ,and the oil shares ,money mygreat grand father bought never lived to see if they made money or not ,i have his oil shares pass book now over 100 years old ,what i want to know is what happened to the oil comp and the bankers who took the money for the shares the name on the shares book is Hatton Morris @ company ltd they collected this oil share money in Liverpool England ,going from the book from 1913/4 to 1919 ,my great grandfather died in 1920 and still is money sits in this book ,share this and see if you can find out where on earth did the oil go and most of all what happened to his money , i am thinking the British government were involved rising money by selling oil shares to aid the great war effort . which was to claim the life of my grand father one of the first to go into france in 1914  please help"	0
This has assisted me as i am able to complete my report with a great source to refer to in my discussion and using ideas expressed in it allows for me to better articulate my message. 	
"	0"	
Helps to motivat my collages	0
I'm a Vietnam veteran who returned to Vietnam in 2014 to teach English for free. I co-founded The Free School with Nguyen Thi Huyen. We currently serve 450 students in Hanoi and the outlying village of Tan Minh. Our students range from pre-schoolers to retired adults. We discuss a range of topics in our conversation classes including how media is used to influence human behavior. The article describing how American women were persuaded to begin smoking tobacco will be a part of our conversation on media awareness. Thank you for making it available to us.	1
"I am a second year respiratory student, I was assigned to write a protocol paper. When I started looking into gentle ventilation guidelines I found your paper that you kindly made available to everyone! Now I it is so much easier, and cheaper to write my paper with actual scientific data!"	0
I am a professor emeritus of physics in the Padua University. I am also senior researchers in the Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics	
"I am presently preparing a set of lecture on the history of the greatest discovery in physics (including astronomy)"""	0
"This article, as well as others, assists me in research when my law firm is trying to determine if children of abuse should be returned to the home."	0
Given me relevant sources to use for my research into dissertation topics	0
"I heard about Mcginn article at my work, children and adolescent psychiatry at Lausanne university hospital."	0
Your site is stuck on a circular loop--it's a disaster for a typical user.	0
helped to do a report on the act of food labeling and impacts.	0
"I am a new graduate student at St. Mary's Ecumenical Institute in Baltimore studying theology. Dr. Hancock is my professor for Orientation to Biblical Studies. I wanted to see her work, which I am only just starting to read (first 20 pages). I find it refreshingly clearly written, which is not always the case in dissertations and scholarly work. I also find it refreshingly lacking in the narrow and predictable political/social/cultural thinking that dominates much ""scholarly"" work these days. Thank you for making this dissertation so easily available."	1
"As a researcher at a nonprofit think tank instead of an academic institution, it's harder for me to get access to scholarly literature. We don't have the funds for a JSTOR account! Finding open access to important scholarship makes our work possible."	0
"As a graduate student at Old Dominion University, I oftentimes look for the best research possible. While my institution subscribes to a plethora of academic journals and databases, I oftentimes find myself lacking information from several key journals that I need for my research as both a student and a research assistant. Seeing how Harvard University puts several of their articles up for open access is very encouraging. As a student that strives to have the best resources possible, I feel at ease to know that I am getting information that is reliable and detailed for my reports in the classroom and at work without costing me any money. "	
	
"As a student that has always wished to have knowledge disseminate from individuals that are authorities in their field, this service is invaluable to me. Without it, I do not believe that I would have learned as much as I would have. I personally believe that Harvard having a database open to the public helps them to stay competitive against other research institutions increases exposure for Harvard and their professors and students who publish them. I also notice how impressed my professors and boss are with the information gathered from DASH. Thank you, Harvard and I hope one day to be part of the institution that gives so much to the academic community. """	1
This was a very informative article that improved my research in the area of business intelligence and data analysis.	0
"We are defining the protocol for long-term monitoring of the phenology of Nectandra trees and the massive migration of Andean bears that feed on Nectandra fruit in the Maquipucuna Reserve, Ecuador. This paper is one of the publications that we will refer to in our project."	0
"I'm an Undergraduate at DePauw University in Greencastle, Indiana, and I can't say enough how helpful this access was to me in completing my assigned work not only in a timely manner but in a complete manner that was considerate of a variety of viewpoints."	0
I read your dissertations to keep up with the current research of math and biology. Things are amazing and promising for the future. I would love to be at Harvard to contribute to my own research too.	0
"Thank you for DASH! I am an undergraduate student working on my thesis and the article on climate effects on ancient Rome, has been a great help."	1
I graduated in Oriental Languages at Naples (Arabic and Persian) in 1988. I am a tour guide in Naples area.	0
"Thank you, this article wasn't available through the article database I normally use"	1
"I'm a former HGSE alum (Ed.D. '02, Ed.M. '93) and currently full-time faculty at a community college in Arizona.  Recently, one of our professors circulated a video stating that a Harvard University study had come out claiming that ""In 2018, Harvard University predicts only 33% of all jobs will require a 4-year degree or more, while the overwhelming majority will be middle-skilled jobs requiring technical skills and training at the credential or Associates Degree level.""  This leads the author to claim that there's this 1:2:7 ratio where every 1 job created that requires an advanced degree beyond a Bachelor's will result in 2 jobs that require a four-year degree, but 7 jobs that require a technical certificate.  Here's the link to the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEXBIO1-aEY&feature=youtu.be   The original video was created by Citrus College (a community college in Azusa, California) Department of Technical Education. "	
	
"I've been attempting to obtain the original study and just found it here, or at least this study is cited as the source.  I'm very concerned because the email discussion from our faculty has been that we shouldn't necessarily encourage or """"push"""" our predominantly first-generation, Hispanic-serving, high percentage of Pell grant recipient students into a four-year or beyond degree because the video argues that """"25% of top associate degree holders earn more than $68,000 per year but the bottom 25% of  bachelor degree holders earn less than $34,000"""" so we shouldn't necessarily believe that more education leads to higher wages.  Of course, they don't cite median or average earnings associating level of education and wages other than at the beginning in a fashion that leads you to believe that they are not entirely true. There is no empirical sources or evidence presented in the video which our faculty didn't take into consideration and they are advocating showing it to all our students.  My fear is, of course, that this would lead our students to think that a bachelor's degree is not worth the investment despite plenty of evidence that shows that it is.  Ironically, all of the faculty responding have at least a Master's degree which affords them a position as a faculty member and the privilege to participate in the dialogue.  And those who have children wouldn't necessarily advocate for their own children to simply attain a technical certificate in lieu of a four-year or professional degree.  """	0
"I love to read, but cannot afford to buy books. Making books accessible in this manner with no need for payment allows free education for everyone who wants to learn. It should never be a choice between a loaf of bread and a book. Thank you for the best alternative."	1
"Thank you for allowing free access to ""The Role of Theory in Ethnographic Research"".  This article gives me insight into the most appropriate career path for me moving forward as a 24-year old interested in influencing public policy.  By allowing free access to articles, you are giving young people in social services and related disciplines the chance to absorb knowledge outside of academic institutions, with the goal of contributing back into that system.  Open access and democratization of information are essential for the growth of the field of Sociology.    "	1
"I currently serve as Dane County Chaplain for the American Legion Department of Wisconsin. This is a volunteer position in the organization of the American Legion and serves the veteran population and their families. I am researching divine agency and its apprehension of four individuals during WWII, via. their experiences retold using scripture. I attempt to tell the story of the Four Mighty Chaplains of the U.S.A.T. Dorchester, tragically sunk Feb. 3, 1943. Four men, representing four faiths, two Protestants Ministers, one Catholic Priest, and one Jewish rabbi. Zechariah 1:20 ""And the LORD showed me four craftsmen. . ."""	0
"Historical Black Colleges and Universities often do not receive sufficient funding, thus limiting resources and access to published research. Your open access policy provides a critical opportunity for students like me to learn about and contribute to the advancement of science. Thank you!"	1
"I am doing my research on Wellbeing @ Work - Building Thriving Individuals , Teams , Organizations and Communities"	0
I need a list of manuscripts of a text that I am working on and I am very grateful to have access to it through this site.	1
"I'm a Biology teacher in Seattle, WA. I'm trying to get students curious and scientifically literate. It can be really hard to access primary research. I'm downloading this article on the history of head transplantation (!) for a student."	0
"I have a passion for prehistory, history and philosophy and love exploration of the mind of planet earth, thank you so much"	1
"I'm writing my undergraduate thesis related to Alex Key's dissertation topic, so reading his introduction helped me get a sense of what my introduction could look like."	0
Thanks to access to a study on developmental psychology I was able to cite credible sources for my extended essay and gain my IB diploma.	1
I´m  working on my PhD Dissertation about instructional design & IoT tech developing STEM experiments and exhibition for Remote Laboratories.	0
"I'm doing research on a seminar paper for a course on sex, sexuality and gender in the Islamic world.  I had a strong impression that there were syncretism between Islam and Ifa in Senegal and I hope to learn more."	0
These articles help me prepare well for interviews and enhance my knowledge	0
"My name is xxxx, a lecturer at Usmanu Dan Fodiyo University, Sokoto,  Nigeria."	
"I wish to thank you for DASH. Its really amazing how you can lay your hands on very important researches. I must salute those behind the whole DASH idea..... They are contributing to scholarship in inestimable ways. More poer to your elbow."""	1
"This march 2017 I'm participating in a Model of the UN. The committee i have chosen is Crisis, which from the two options i chose to be in the DEA discussion. Myself, representing William Casey, have to have enough information about the DEA and the Colombian Cartel during the 1980's. I thank you for making this information public, it has been a great help for my research and will favor me during the committee. :) Best Luck for your success hehe"	1
o	0
"Both Harvard DASH and Open Access have been a fantastic resource for me, whilst studying Politics and Philosophy here in the UK. Thank you very much!"	1
I am researching the effect NAFTA has had on the Mexican population in general and their migration northward in specific.	0
Thanks for sharing this article. It is useful for my conference presentation on territories and social-economic gowth.	1
I read the article of Campbell about failure risk of companies: Predicting Financial Distress and the Performance of Distressed	
"Stocks. It has saved me from investing in many value traps. I also successfully shorted companies based on the 4 simple criteria in this article. I wrote about this result in my second Dutch book on value investing (""""Beleggen in bull- en bearmarkten"""") and also in my articles on Seeking Alpha. I have no doubt readers of my book and Seeking Alpha articles have downloaded the paper, recognized its quality and have used it to earn money."""	0
"I'm doing a thesis on energy dependency and the limits it places on democratic development. The resource curse literature is one angle to finding out what I can tell about this theme so central to our current society. Thank you, please keep doing this!"	1
For the past nearly two years we've been pursing a project concerning parenting knowledge and the possibilities of intervening in sources of parenting knowledge to improve children's kindergarten readiness.  We recently began discussions with Dr. Rowe concerning research in this area and she referenced this report; we're interested in learning more about it.	0
I am researching scientific articles for my degree in Wildlife conservation.	
"If I had to pay for all scholarly articles, my research could not continue."	
"Thank you for helping me towards my degree, all the way from the United Kingdom."	
"	1"	
"I am student of IBDP. I did an experiment with hydrogel formed by dissolving sodium alginate in water, and tested the retarding potential of the gel on collison. This paper was very helpful in forming my hypothesis."	0
Info retrieval for lessons in upper secondary school (K12) in Italy	0
I'm a bachelors student in philosophy (iBSc) at King's College London. Thanks for open access! I will use this paper for my learning and it may be referenced in my work. Thanks for open access!	1
"I was asked to review a paper for the British Journal of General Practice to see if it would be a useful contribution to the literature for my fellow family practitioners. I am not an academic, so getting full access to background papers can be time consuming and expensive. Being able to read this paper online enabled me to give a fully informed opinion to the journal. Thanks, Harvard DASH"	1
A part of my master's thesis involves investigation the usefulness of social media (Facebook and LinkedIn) in academic research for TESOL (Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages). Information. This article is one of very few  I have found which is relevant and of help to me in writing my literature review.	0
I am currently spending a semester away from my institution. Open electronic access is essential for me to conduct research	0
I'm a college student working towards a bachelors in Healthcare Management. I have an assignment due regarding a group of immigrants of my choosing. I decided to tell about Hmong immigrants since this was not a module covered in our history class. This article helps give me more information. It is also a great resource that is approved by my school.	0
"Needed articel for a course in Nanoplasmonics (Master of Science Physics). Very nice to read article, so glad it has been made available publicly."	0
"I am researching the benefits of using cannbinoids derived from Cannabis Sativa plants as anti-cancer agents, because my wife suffers from stage IV colon cancer. I found a scientific study explaining that Cannabidiol (CBD, one of the cannabidoids) may activate TRPV2 receptors to promote cancer cell death. I was unsure what TRPV2 receptors are, and found more information through your Open Acces website."	0
"Was able to use this as a source for my future thesis. Come from a poorly funded university in the Philippines, so this is really helpful. Thanks!"	1
"I am a retired CPA with a lifelong interest in California and how plate tectonics affect my home. My current interest is in the possible impact on the diffuse nature of the plate boundary on the historic direction of actual motion within the boundary area. Since I have no relationship with entities with access to research, Open Access policies enable me to perform my research which is otherwise difficult or costly."	0
"using this for my  law assignment where i compare the international law with the islamic law, DCU student."	0
I write for a mindful investment firm's blog. Research such as this is vital to our clients as they make decisions about how they want their investments managed. It helps us provide investor education content that informs people about the realities (and counteracts the myths) of responsible investment strategies.	0
I am a PhD candidate researching merchants gardens under the Canton System period in China. This thesis is a key and most recent secondary source for one of my case studies.	0
"Thank you for creating this open access research database! My name is xxxx, and I am a third year law student completing my Juris Doctor degree at Thompson Rivers University in British Columbia, Canada. I will be citing an article I found on your database titled ""Performance Enhancing Drugs: History, Medical Effects & Policy"", in my term research paper for a course about sports law. This article describes the historic use of performance enhancing drugs in sport, dating back to the Olympics held in ancient Greece. The author explains the evolution of anti-doping rules into modern international sports law. Lee suggests that today, doping rules are simply defined as anything that governing bodies, or authorities, choose. This has interesting ethical implications which I will reflect upon in my writing."	
	
"My paper's thesis explores the potential problem anti-doping rules could pose for Skateboarding during the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.  A recent California lawsuit has brought to light controversy over the International Skateboard Federation's relaxed approach to mandatory drug testing. How will Skateboarders from California, who can legally buy and use Marijuanna, perform in the Tokyo Olympics under WADA drug tests? Marijuanna is considered an illegal substance by local authorities in Japan, which could mean harsh penalties for any athlete caught using this substance."	
"	1"	
"I'm a radical feminist medical-reform activist (Harvard '74) looking for reasons why the patriarchy insists that 'keeping patients healthy' is now a function of medical providers in health care reform -- while keeping the priapic, self-obsessed, 'greed is good' growth-crazed supply side behind a critical firewall. Cass Sunstein's 'benign paternalism' is the phrase I was looking for  - the root of all evil! Active maternalism is what we need more of.  STOP THE MANARCHY!  Thank you for this good access. We may need it now more than ever."	1
"I'm a college student at The University of Chicago studying Economics, and this resource has helped me a lot in terms of understanding what I believe to be the greatest innovations of the 21st century. Nowadays, information is becoming more free and widely available, and I have not slacked in making use of it: Open Access grants me the ability to make use of knowledge that otherwise would have had to be found via expensive access journals that I will not necessarily have after graduating from college: Thanks for DASH, and I'm so happy to be able to make use of it!"	1
"I am multilingual (English, Spanish, Hungarian, Russian). I am second generation Hungarian. I am currently taking a 700 level course in Linguistics to help me develop a Spanish Heritage Speaker curriculum for my school district, due to a 300% increase in Hispanic population in our community over the last decade."	0
Scholar at University of San Diego; very helpful for my teahing	0
"I am a senior Political Science major at Oregon State University. I am writing a short paper on energy use of federal lands. My textbook on this subject ends in 2000, which means that I can only write about energy policies until the end of the Clinton administration. Open Access allows me to expand my paper up until the end of the Obama administration, making it current and correct."	0
"I am a student at the University of Warwick, UK and I am currently writing a paper for my 'Implications and Applications of Behavioural Science' class. One of the focuses of this paper is whether or not nudging is something we should be doing and this journal article has helped tremendously. I've struggled to find good resources on this topic that cover in breadth and depth. I am so grateful that you have made it openly accessible! Thank you"	1
I needed to check a reference from a major psychology textbook before teaching it.   Turns out that the reference was totally incorrect. I'd not have been able to do this without the free access and the place where I'm teaching does not have access to many journals.	0
wE ARE READING THIS FOR AN RACE AND ETHNICITY CLASS	0
"Food industry executive - managed seafood businesses in past (Slade Gorton, H&N). Was researching some info and wanted to see what aqua related case studies Harvard conducted. There is more to aquaculture that needs to be studied by such an institution as Harvard. How aquaculture can help underdeveloped countries and communities and feed the world while doing so. A wonderful blend of commerce and social benefit."	0
Open Access to this dissertation helped me structure my own PhD Thesis. Thank you!	1
I am currently working on my dissertation for my DBA. Thank you for sharing this article with me.	1
"I need the english version of this article, in order to verify a translation of it into turkish which I've read in a literary magazine."	0
"I was a history major during my undergraduate years at Harvard, but am now a practicing attorney and greatly enjoyed reviewing this article during my free time to satisfy my curiosity about Mary Chestnut.  After recently watching Ken Burns's tremendous series on the civil war, I have been reading various books to gain additional knowledge about that time.  I am only about 25% of the way through C. Vann Woodward's book--Mary Chestnut's Civil War, but find it fascinating.  I am trying to track down: (1) the original version of Mary's 1860s diary so that I can compare it to the version published by C. Vann Woodward; and (2) am hoping to track down a book with greater guidance and explanation of her diary since I don't always understand the jokes or the significance of various references, even with the additional information provided in the footnotes. (I'm enjoying C. Vann Woodward's version of it, but I'm guessing he didn't want to go into greater detail and explanation in his footnotes as the book is already over 800 pages long.  For example, he often explains what she's referring to, but not why it's important.)"	
	
"Thanks so much for sharing the article!"""	1
I teach Big History to high school freshmen; the article provides me with useful data to illustrate strong connections among world regions.	0
"I hv got registered for Ph.D. course in the MSU, Vadodara, Gujarat, India.  Buell, Lawrence is an important ecocritic. This book will surely enhance my understanding of ecological issues which I am going to discuss in my thesis. Such PDF sharing is a huge help for researchers like me as it saves time- which I was supposed to invest in having access to such important books."	0
Researching the role of stem cell therapy for treatment of obesity.	0
Pharmacist married to an optometrist.  Can now discuss this over the dinner table and make additional recommendations for patients suffering from dry eyes.	0
Thanks for making this article easily accessible. Now I don't need to pirate it. I like you more.	1
"Through the Harvard DASH I was able to read: The Image and Politics of Coca-Cola: From the Early Years to the Present (2001 Third Year Paper), which was clear, focused, and contained exactly the information I was looking for. In contrast to papers with similar topics that are often very polarized in opinion, this paper was much more neutral and evaluative."	0
I'm a Junior and high school and I'm using your data in my first ever research paper. Thank you for the accessibility!	1
"I'm a K-12 administrator with a Ph.D. I'm trying to remain active in the research community, but have been stymied by access to online resources."	0
"This article is serving as part of a community discussion on Trade, jobs and politics.  In the current political environment discerning fact from fiction is our goal."	0
I am a graduate student at Ohio Dominican University researching the works of Alexander Pope. I found this article in an online search for Bathurst.	0
Available papers like this were crucial for my literature research during my master thesis!	0
"I'm a student working on my MFA in creative writing at Western Washington University. I came across an article in Open Access while doing research for a short story, and it was incredibly helpful to me. I really appreciate you making this scholarship available to the public--thank you!"	1
"I appreciate access to your material. In the paper MSG: Fact or Fiction - I am trying to understnad the causal factors of my native america wifes migraines. I found that MSG is derived through fermation enlightening.  I personally don't have a reaction to MSG. I understand the controversy, but to say those who oppose MSG are uneducated is a stretch. Before I rant, there is an error bear the bottom of page 25. I believe the author intended to use the word UNanswered, not answered. My wife has a Masters in Bio-Physic focused on transport before earning law degrees in Canada and the US. And she has observed a link in her won body between MSG and Severe migraines. As for me, I guess I am uneducated because I onlyhave 4 college degrees from accredited (in person attendance) in the US."	0
Checking formatting and capitalization while copy editing an institution's list of referenced articles. I'm always glad to be able to present the titles of works in the way that the author(s) and publisher originally intended.	0
I am economist and conducting research remittances	0
mahsakjsfhshaisdlsdafasdsadfiasdgxbsdgcsfJEHFWEJHFYEFYtpiurbsfjgsugsuert	0
"giving open access to articles like this, gives me and my friend delicious knowledge to consume while at our soul crushing marketing jobs."	0
"I found the reference to the article while reading Alison Morgan's ""Following Jesus - The Plural of disciple is Church"" while I was, unrelated,  preparing a sermon based on Acts 20:35, ""It is more blessed to give than to receive."" It is interesting to find external verification of things we know ""in our gut"" to be true."	0
"I am a member of Sage Society, a group of about 160 retired people passionate about continuous learning.  Although we are minimally connected with a California state university, our program is virtually self-organized and administrated.  Members determine the subjects offered for study each semester, coordinate courses, and class members divvy up and teach the course material.  I came across this website while researching current forms of propaganda in America."	0
"In trying to make the world a better place i.e. propagating CX development, I regularly find myself looking at academic research. I no longer have the luxury of spending hours in libraries searching journals, nor do I have free access to online journals. Finding a resource that is free and of exceptional quality is a luxury in these times of alternative facts and figures."	0
Preparing a lecture to primary care physicians in Kansas on the clinical utility of CaCS. Thanks. Very useful to have access to primary source material.	1
"I am Scottish so this is first time I have accessed DASH.  I am interest in how the media even reportedly scientific media such as New Scientist is reporting very biased coverage of Trump and the threat of populism.  I am speaking as a Christian Anarchist blocked from an anarchist fb group for standing by my pacifist convictions and not being ready to beat the 'fascists' that voted Trump into office up.  My crime to say I will stand in front of their 'supposed rape victims' and take their rape but I will NOT beat people up for having different beliefs to mine, I will not presume my beliefs are superior and that this makes me a superior person in general to anybody else.  I was blocked because apparently it is in my best interest that pacifists beat people to death to prevent my rape.  Reading the article on populism, articulated my thoughts very well and also helped me understand why the left has become permeated in self righteousness, arrogance and contempt for the ideals it is supposedly defending.  Why people are using Pussy grabber for Trump but not the supporter of the 'Heroic Rapist Julian Assange' for Chomsky or Zizek to meant just a few.  Why my rape didn't matter literally months ago but now it is justifiable reason for genocide.  Also why I can tell no difference between 'Kill the muslims to prevent my rape' to 'Kill the Trump supporters to prevent my rape'.  The article brought the reason why both are the same to light, and helped me understand the thought processes of a culture that exports its madness around the world.  What worries me most is that Anarchy and the left cannot see past its metropolitan anti populism superiority complex while anarchists who are supposedly anti hierarchal yet they are putting themselves and academia on a pedestal for no good reason and the left looks down on those who created the movement.  Lastly the puzzling question of why I was not a fascist when I voted yes to leaving UK & EU governance for an Independent Scottish Government but fascist, racist, xenophobe for voting to leave the EU.  Why exactly has wanting power to be more localised and within the reach of the community suddenly become fascist to anarchists?  Why does David Graeber think I am fascist for expecting him to live by Martin Luther King's statement that you don't pick and choose pacifism or civil disobedience, way of live occupy demonstrators should be willing to go to jail when it DOES NOT suit them - that is the whole point of civil disobedience.  I have the right to pick up my cross as Tolstoy says and march to jail and death like Gandhi, what I do not have the right to do is prevent others from this because government picked an inconvenient time to imprison me.  Pretty sure the times Gandhi and MLK were imprisoned were also inconvenient, but also vital.  Civil disobedience means imprisonment and it is the action of change the action of saying violence and death do not cower me it is the ultimate political and ethical act and yet it is being called fascist if it happens to coincide with a manicure appointment.   Yes the article was very informative and well written I would recommend as many people as possible read it because we are inundated by group think, where we set our group on a pedestal and demonise any other group, and this is everywhere, all politics right now is irrational, arrogant and self defeating."	0
"Literature saves me.  I am very lucky to have the opportunity to audit classes at UCLA as a ""Senior Scholar""."	
My class this quarter is on the literature of Nabokov therefore the article I have found from Harvard will be helpful.	
"Thank you for your access!"""	1
"Dietitians of Canada - we are working to help our dietitian members across Canada contribute to building healthier food environments - your article and others help to provide the evidence base we need as we advocate for changes in policy, interventions and consumer behaviours.  It's a systemic problem that needs a multi-pronged solution.  Citizens need help to break down the systemic barriers to healthy eating, to make healthy eating the easier choice.  Our food supply and food system is not just driven by consumer demand - it's all part of an inter-related food system!"	0
"Thank you,I am a researcher in ancient medical practices. DASH has helped me to discover some  important points..."	1
african initiated churches	0
"I am currently doing research from Germany, as an American citizen, on the impacts of immigration on education. I am researching tactics and theories implemented in the US to see what I can apply to the current immigration situation in Germany in terms of better educating immigrants and integrating immigrants into the culture. This Harvard has great resources and is ahead of most when delving into the topic of education and immigration."	0
"I'm a high school student who has been doing a broad range of research on aerospace engineering and technology and how we can innovate it through room-temperature superconductors. I have already published one work, and I am looking at a new avenue to investigate. Thanks to this open policy, I was able to find another topic that interested me, one that I also might be able to source in another upcoming paper."	1
I am using this for my undergraduate dissertation	0
"I'm currently in a neuroscience senior seminar and one goal of the course is to write a grant proposal.  To do this, I need to read up to and possibly more than 50 separate research articles.  To have an article be openly available makes my ability to research for my grant proposal much more feasable.  THANK YOU SO MUCH"	1
I am a physics and neuroscience undergrad who has since spent his time as a software developer. I don't always have the time or the money for a full subscription; but I do feel the need to stay in touch with modern advancements in engineering. Open access has helped me do this.	0
Thank you very much for this open access - it is incredibly valuable and greatly appreciated as well as refreshing!	1
Thank you!!!!	1
I'm a college student currently writing my EPQ. This has helped me to gather my research from a variety of sources that would otherwise be unavailable to me and thus improve my research as a whole. Thank you!	1
"This paper has helped in crafting my literature on inequitable distribution of tax liability on my research topic ""widening the tax base of the Informal sector in Ghana""."	0
"Using article for Masters Nursing Leadership class, thanks for the information"	1
"I was searching for one article to develop my final project in the University of Sao Paulo, Brazil. One of the pillars of the theory was missing and I was not finding it. DASH helped me a lot!"	0
"I am Mozambican, Prof. emeritus at Universidade Eduardo Mondlane and Universidade Pedagogica, both in Maputo, Mozambique. I lecture History of Contemporary Philosophy and and History of Africa at these institutions."	0
I am a judge of a PhD proposal of a disertation on a comparison between Zen and  Ibn Arabi.(thank you)	1
I'm a student. I was looking for information about diffusion of hybrid cars for an assignment for a course. I found this article on 'consumer learning and hybrid vehicle adoption' pretty useful. Thank you for sharing them openly.	1
"Quoted the findings in my forthcoming book: The Political Economy of Policy Reform in Egypt, 1952-2015, to be published by The American University in Cairo Press in 2017."	0
"Having access to this kind of works allows me to show students of different fields the type of reserach necessary to even come close to a conclusion on a certain topic, and it's encouraging many to improve their abilities in order to achieve their respective goals, thank you very much for opening this information to the general public."	1
"I am a student at the University of Cambridge and in my research for a paper on the impact of economic conditions on voting behaviour I found this article very useful in highlighting what supported Hitler, shedding light to what supported Trump (yes, I am comparing his rise to that of Hitler), and Brexit in the UK."	0
"I work for an engineering firm, but have always been interested in the understand the science behind what I apply every day, being able to read the papers and learn constantly is an amazing opportunity for me. I love being able to access all manner of papers via DASH and Arxiv. Thank you for making this possible! Open access and science go hand in hand."	1
"This story is extremely helpful in developing debate cases based on democracy. Not only do I see how democracy benefits human rights, but I can now better understand how democracy operates."	0
"Because I am a mexican student, it is often difficult to me find open access papers; the cost of rights are definitively too expensive for me. I am in the middle of my study, so I am grateful for this initiative of yours. Thank you."	1
Thanks for sharing this article publicly!  I am currently a pediatric RN working and living in Rwanda and developing pediatric courses for continuing professional development for nurses in Rwanda.  This article is very helpful for contextualizing the courses to the Rwandan context and will be used in one of our modules.  Thanks!	1
"We are a small cancer clinic who is trying manage our lymphedema cases, this article will help us to monitor our patients more accurately ensuring proper treatment and to identify individuals more accurately."	0
I am a retiree who wants to keep up with developments in Oncology and access to these journals without the very high cost of purchase is very helpful otherwise I would not have acess.	0
Graduate student at the University of Toronto Faculty of Law - Writing a paper for a corporate governance course. I value the open exchange of accurate knowledge amongst academics in a world that is currently plagued with fiction portrayed as fact.  We need to keep our drawbridges down and our research and exchange of ideas free flowing.	0
"I'm currently a political science student at the University of Brasília and I mostly come here using Google's academic search. The articles are well written and can be accessed from many different platforms, including my mobile phone, which helps a lot when I need to find different sources or studies in areas that I couldn't have a access. DASH really makes things easier because it's avaliable online and saves us from the hassle of going to a library, since the data is avaliable anywhere as long as you have internet connection."	0
This article helps me to know better Descartes and teach him how rationalism has influenced our mentality. Thank you very much.	1
"I'm working on an article to make current economic perspectives informed by scholarly research accessible to the public. Being able to provide a plain-english narrative while communicating core ideas from Academia is important, especially considering current events in the U.S. I target my writing toward an audience that is open to reason but might not have considered the in-depth nuances to the arguments I raise. "	
	
It's important for establishing/re-establishing legitimacy in the work that scholarly academic research provides as so many people tend to distrust or ignore expertise--in large part because the insight and expertise is often made inaccessible or undecipherable to the public. Also because non-accredited propaganda organizations like Prager U tend to promote conveniently biased information at the expense of properly communicating accurate and precise information that exists through reliable standards for peer-review and scholarly inquiry that can be held accountable.	
	
"Making scholarly research available, especially from a well known institution for higher education like Harvard, is important for bridging between academia and the public."""	0
"I like to use research to inform my work with CEOs and senior leaders to communicate more effectively, particularly internally. I enjoy having access to  relevant publications by top researchers in the country, without having to subscribe to expensive, arcane journals. That being said, I'm always willing to support the creation of useful information. If you need money, let me know!"	0
My sister has ALS.  Access to research enables me to look far more deeply into ALS then I could ever possibly do without access to research.	
	
"A 1994 paper, Elevated risks for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and blood disorders in Ashkenazi schizophrenic pedigrees suggest new candidate genes in schizophrenia, spiked my interest in looking at schizophrenia for clues about ALS."	
	
"This paper, Schizophrenia risk from complex variation of complement component 4, shows all of these copies of herv-k on C4 of complement and there is also association of herv-k with ALS."""	0
I am writing my Bachelorthesis	0
Applying for summer research positions	0
"I'm a PhD student, I was looking for an appropriate source that provides an evidence of the bond issuance determinants that impact the stock return, I benefit from the open Harvard sources, as well as I got some time to take rest and write my feedback, Thanks a lot :)"	1
I am a graduate student - my soul is enriched with every step of research.	0
Professor of criminal law Austral Unviversity of Chile	0
I believe I'm descended from the Natufian people through my maternal lineage (mtDNA W1-T119C)	0
my name is xxxx and i want to say thank you for allowing me to access this paper	1
I'm preparing a presentation on delirium at end of life - a very important topic for anyone who anticipates their life may end at some point (duh). DASH provided access to key literature on the topic. Many thanks!	1
"I am a development economist working within the financial inclusion sector as an independent consultant. I am constantly exploring various ways in which I can ""cross pollinate"" multiple ideas from other disciplines and apply them to my work. For instance I am hoping to apply and extrapolate some of the key findings (and definitions) in this paper to microinsurance theory concerning intermediaries. OSC has given me access to quality research papers with solid academic 'gravitas' (for lack of a better word). In addition, I have found quality research papers that have served as a creative spring board and spurred further ideas and research work."	0
I;m a oost grad student studying environmental science at the university of New England (Australia) Using this article for my plant population ecology course.	0
"My appretiation for your kind serice. I'm doing research on platonic tradition for a doctoral thesis and a paper here found is vital to this work. Thank you.,"	1
"I am updating my paper on ""Cultural Diffusion"" in Routlege's Handbbok of Cultural Sociokogy, and realized that my original had failed to credit Darnton's seminal work on history of the book.  I much appreciate this access.   Elihu Katz"	0
I am very happy about Harvard sharing this article.  It is hard to do research of a scholarly nature away from a college campus and this article is being used right now to write a paper that is part of my doctoral capstone project requirements.  Thanks!!!!	1
Needed it for an analytical politics class	0
Thanks for enabling open access!	1
"Freakonomics Radio producer, looking for good important stories"	0
Past professor of Human Palaeontology at Milan University	0
Up until a yr ago i hated to read and write first of all !!!But a yr ago i was a man named Neil ...But now im something els not someone something !!!I believe that i am at this point part of the all but stuck here as a sort of learning experience in a way.Now i cant stop reading !!!the flood of knowledge is overwhelming at times and i wake and weep till i sing outloud ..It is not painful but the sarrow felt connected to mother earth is outstandingly powerful.I now am in the process of trying to write 9 books that will eventually be 42 books all together !!i write 4 books at once most of the time while reading another 2 !!!!!!! I know it means something ??? and i know there are meny who could bennifit from my teachings!!!!!	
Puzzlemaster 	
"505 429 7888"""	0
My heart sings with joy when I see publicly available studies because I am a huge nerd and love reading through academic studies but do not have a subscription to any sort of research platform!	0
I'm embarking on the Virginia Department of Education Career Switcher progam to become a secondary teacher after a 20-year career in media production. My first assignment is to study and report on the evolution of career and technical education in the US. This report is proving a fantastic resource.	0
I work for an early childhood advocacy organization as a fellow and as such I am asked to write issue briefs. Since we are a non university affiliated non-profit we cannot afford to pay for subscriptions for journals.  When I really need an article for a brief and there are no free full text options I have to determine if access to the article is worth the fee being charged for full text access or article rental.  As a non-profit we have limited resources and can't afford to pay for access. Having Open Access helps me to obtain access to the research that supports my work and writing and allows me to be fiscally responsible with my agency's funds.	0
Thanks	1
"I am writing a book appealing to readers who prefer a summer read rather than studying the actual text. The Secret Revelations may not be what one would find in a summer read, however, I hope to engage those readers in further thought, opening a mind, or taking a step further as I weave Joseph Campbell (Karen King and others) through Sidney Sheldon characters. I stumbled on Open Access while searching Karen King and Revelations and found exactly what I was hoping to discover."	0
"Thank you!!  I am researching the effect of fluoride in drinking water for a charitable project in Africa.  Without your help and the help of other scientists who have made their work available to the public, I could not have told the story that needs to be told.  Thank you!!"	1
"I am a former professor of ancient history and religious studies, and lost my tenured job because of my activism against sexual assault on campus.  I now spend much of my free time continuing to research human evolution and ancient worlds and history.  Free access to the best scholarship is wonderful."	0
"I am personally interested in the arousal approach to stress management; having my house on the market is proving stressful, and agents and supporters say things like ""Relax, don't think/worry about it."" I am also an English language editor in a chemical engineering research unit, so I am interested in postgraduate students learning to make demanding written and oral presentations. To help improve their writing skills I am developing reading materials based on journal articles in the discipline (this following the argument of Professor Stephen Krashen (University of Southern California) that intensive reading activates the subconscious language acquisition device).Awareness from reappraisal manipulation exercises can surely also add value: the challenge response in stressful situations."	0
assignment	0
I am a lecturer in one of Ethiopian University. My specialization is MA in Descriptive and Theoretical Linguistics.	0
I am a PhD applicant from Italy who is tryiing to write down a reserach proposal in the field of history of science as sharp as I can and possibly very good in terms of scholarship. Thank You very much to Harvard DASH for the sharing the papers.	1
"Discovered the article -- The Novelty Paradox & Bias for Normal Science: Evidence from Randomized Medical Grant Proposal Evaluations-- reading an Atlantic article online. I teach grant writing seminars at Northwestern University and Rush University for PhDs, post docs, and faculty members,  and we spend some time in our sessions discussing the innovation criteria required in NIH applications. I will be sharing this article with my seminar participants as confirmation of my general, and to this point, non-scientific observation that successful grant are ""modest"" yet have an innovative spin to them that expands the current understanding of accepted science. A terrific article by an accomplished group of researchers that demonstrates the amazing amount of work and thought that goes into a methodologically rigorous study."	0
"This article benefits me because it provides a precise distinction between conceptual and procedural knowledge, which is information I need to know to include in the last paper that I am writing to complete my graduate studies in education. Thanks!"	1
How do I know my computer is not lying to me?	
	
"I am a computer professional, 30 years of interesting projects. Right around 1999, I became interested in Trusted-Boot of personal computers. I implemented some simple methods, and began to appreciate the risk analysis approach to computer security."	
	
"Here we are, almost 20 years later, and I see open-source CPU cores. Intel is trying to convince me that their """"Dynamic Root of Trust"""" implementation can be trusted. I have yet to do so..."	
	
"Eight years ago, I left this area of research due to chronic illness. Open Access articles like this one help me hope that despite hard limits on time, health, and income, I may yet be able to contribute new work in this field someday."""	0
"I'm writing a number of blogposts which compare the concepts of macro economic statistics (not: economistrics, but the real deal: employment, GDP, trade) and the concepts of macro economic theory. While one would expect a lively discussion between statisticians and theorists they seem to live in different worlds. Some concepts are: labor, employment and unemployment. As we all know, the female labor force participation rate has increased quite a bit. We know this - because of these statistics. macro-theorists have, however, not really come to grips with this and basically (though there are exceptions) describe the Household labor supply function as a non-gendered variable which is not influenced by cultural-technological changes. This article enables me to portray a dramatic example of this."	0
I teach English as a foreign language in an EFL pedagogy program in northern Chile. Access to current information is costly and funds are scarce. Having open access is like removing a brick from the wall that bars knowledge. Thank you.	1
"I have ARVC (ARVD) and have a pacemaker/ICD in my chest. I often use the Harvard information to clarify my understanding of some aspect of my health program. I find the media jumps all over and reports one claim this week and another next wee. Often these reports in the media conflict with what my doctors are telling me. I use the Harvard info as a referee of sorts and let me tell you the Harvard medical folk always agree with my doctors. That said, my doctors have limited time to make their case, with Harvard backing them up I get a fuller understanding on why I should keep doing what I am doing. For example, I'm on a diet that many would call Mediterranean. It have lost weight and I am keeping it off, so far. Harvard medical staff are in my corner on this. Yet, I heard a report on CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Corp.) that dieting doesn't work and my body will fight to put back the lost pounds. The problem the newscast said goes all the way back to our stone age roots. I disagreed and came here looking for answers. I found them and you were right on. My new diet is delicious, my wife and I have fun cooking the healthy stuff together. We see our new diet as an improvement over how we used to eat. Staying on the diet recommended by my doctors and the Harvard staff had been enjoyable and not a sacrifice. Thank you for making all the info available that you do. You are providing an important service."	1
"Merry Christmas! (Or whatever.) I just read https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/11639551/richardson-sexing-the-x.pdf?sequence=1, and my favorite sentence was: ""Moving freely between stereotypical conceptions of femininity and models of the X chromosome, X-chromosomal theories of sex differences reveal a circular form of reasoning that is familiar in gender analysis of biology."""	0
"It's been five years since I got my BA and I'm now gunning for a Master's. But without any current academic affiliation, it's incredibly difficult to access all of the articles/material I need for my application. Sure, I can pay 40/50 USD for an article--if it was only one article I had to read. I have to read hundreds, and I can't afford subscriptions to all the digital libraries I need. So thank you."	1
reasearcher	0
"I suffered from intense migraines; been the the ER a couple of times and hospitalized too.  After graduating from college and beginning my career as an engineer, I developed a migraine about every other week. Bed-ridden, migraines felt like death."	
	
"It all changed in November of 2014.  Instead of treating migraines (actually masking pain, no actual treatment), I now practice qi-gong exercises that prevent migraines altogether.   In fact, ever since my experience with Master Hong and alternative medicine- I have been migraine free!"	
	
"Natural-pathic appointments and alternative medicine costs are outrages, so I was just curious to know where health insurance coverage is hiding.  Oh there it is- tailing the behind of FDA approval!"""	0
"I was considering a master degree course, MSc. in Taxation at Oxford, and found out that Professor Stephen E Shay is also a guest lecturer in this course. This article that was made open to public has benefited me greatly in studying the course I'm about to undertake, which has a direct relation to my research interest."	0
I am editing a book on cancer to be published by Nature/Springer in 2017. One of the themes in this book is what can be learned from published data to better prevent relapse in cancer. This paper describes my personal case report why I was the first person to use what is now called metronomic chemotherapy to prevent relapse.	0
I'm writing a paper for a college English class in which I cite Benkler and having full access to this article is quite useful.	0
"I found this article researching William James's ""The Moral Equivalent of War"" to which I'm referring in an essay I'm writing.  It is an interesting article, particularly because of its openness to evolutionary progress (perhaps) that could lead humans beyond violence."	0
"I am a mother of three. I am doing research to requalify as a teacher, having moved from UK to Germany. I find it incredibly diffcicult to spend time in a library, and balance looking after children and studying. I have become very reliant on what I can find in the internet. I am extremely grateful for the help offered by portals such as this."	1
"I'm a master student of University of Brasília, in Brasil. My research is about Google Trends and Creativity and this article was cited by an author that I was reading. Thanks a lot for sharing this. =)"	1
"I have long understood that I am all about the ""anticipation,"" the thought and planning that goes into gift giving and that is where I feel most rewarded. I want people to appreciate my gifts, but understand that you can't always hit a home run, so to speak, and they know that I tried. I also try not to give gifts that I personally do not care for -- the exception being when I know for a fact that it will please the recipient. SO, I wanted to read the study that I found referenced in a NYT article."	0
I found very much support to increase my background knowledge in this field of study.	0
"I am submitting the ""Pathways to Prosperity"" link to the National Career Development Association (NCDA) for inclusion on its website."	0
This is good	0
Thank you Harvard for giving me the opportunity to have an access to many articles and researches which would have cost too much. I can only say that the the generosity of Harvard is a part of its quality as a the world's first university. Thank you over and over again.	1
Research about childhood trauma and self perceived in adult life	0
"I cited this paper in an undergraduate course on Irish Literature and Postcolonial Studies at the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas. Thank you! I enjoyed having access to this wonderful scholarship."	1
I am a PhD student at Georgia State University doing my dissertation on 'Reexamining the Determinants of Fiscal Decentralization: What is the role of Geography?' this article is expected to contribute to my knowledge on the topic.	0
I am doing research for a final I have for American Government at Cameron University. I appreciate having reliable sources to get my information from. Thank you for allowing me to access DASH.	1
This article provided helpful support for my research paper & presentation	0
"My name is xxxx, I am a School Psychology Graduate student pursuing an Ed.S credential at San Diego State University. I am in the process of writing and in the early stages of creating a single case design. The articles from here will help me gather information as to how to best serve students."	0
I am Founder and CEO of 10.10.10 (101010.net). And I am most grateful for DASH. Thank you! 	
	
"At 10.10.10, a 501(c)3 organization, we have developed a program that brings together 10 Prospective CEOs (who could come from anywhere in the world) and 10 wicked problems over 10 days. Our focus is new venture generation with an emphasis on ROI and Impact. "	
	
"Only with ready access to research will we be able to identify wicked problems in health, water, food, energy, learning, infrastructure, waste, and climate change. As part of our program we engage """"validators"""" organizations and individuals with a deep understanding of particular wicked problems and wicked problem areas. Access to research helps identify validators appropriate to a wicked problem, progress (in terms of research) on particular wicked problems, trends, developments, discoveries and breakthroughs. "	
	
"In 2017, 10.10.10 will host two programs. One, 10.10.10 Health, will occur June 5-15 and will focus on 10 wicked problems in health. We will select those wicked problems from those submitted. At present, more than 65 problems are in contention. The second program, in October 2017, will be our first 10.10.10 Cities program. Debuting in Denver, CO, 10.10.10 Cities will focus on wicked problem areas (infrastructure, water, energy, food, waste, climate change, health, learning) that (1) are widely reported in large U.S. cities; (2) present opportunities for innovation that could elicit strong entrepreneur and investor interest.  "	
	
"Within 10 years, 10.10.10's venture generation programs will be creating 100 new ventures each year, and 10.10.10 Cities will host and mange programs in at least 10 U.S. cities. And for its Prospective CEOs, Validators, Ninjas (experts in particular areas), and partners, 10.10.10's venture generation platform will provide access to a network that includes connections to sources of research and information (like dash.harvard.edu), relevant IP available through tech transfer programs, legislative and policy archives and updates, and more. All of this will be used to encourage Prospective CEOs to create new products & services and start new companies with a focus on addressing the world's wicked problems.   """	1
I am a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and have been diagnosed with PTSD. The article helps me understand my illness of PTSD and what is happening to me on a neurobiological manner.	
	
" """"...the elevated CB1 receptor availability in PTSD may result from a combination of both receptor up-regulation and low receptor occupancy by anandamide."""""""	0
"10 years' incarceration over a 20 year period in the UK penal system, alongside 17 years' heroin abuse. This began at age 15 and I have now desisted from crime for 20 years. Just achieved an upper second class BA degree in music (saxophones, guitar and vocals) and am now researching desistance theory with a view to writing an essay for a Cambridge university application - with some inside help. The plan is to tackle a Masters in criminological research at Cambridge's Institute of Criminology and continue on to PHd level. Thank you for this freedom of access - I no longer have access from University of South Wales, UK."	1
"I use this article in my Cognitive Psychology class to show how our cognition is influenced by many variables and that ""rationality"" is not the hallmark of our thinking."	0
"I am a Master of International Business student of St. Thomas University in Miami Gardens, Florida. More than once, open access articles from Harvard have helped me support assertions in papers and discussions, and have served as the premise for plans post-grad."	0
I am a student at Saint Louis University and being able to use your journal articles for my research has greatly helped me and saved me hours of research!  Thank you very much.	1
I'm writing a paper applying Hackman and Oldman's original theory of the Job Characteristic Model. I greatly appreciate the opportunity to also read a much more recent update and extension of the theory from the authors.	0
"I am ex-Harvard Med School Faculty (1987-1994). Worked in pharmaceutical industry for 20 years. Now I work independently with investors to build new biotech companies. It is very difficult to attract funding and investment for early stage proof of concept studies, such as repurposing of old drugs for new clinical indications. Open access is the only way for me to access some of the scientific literature to understand scientific background for this work."	0
I am a physical therapist and this confirms the value of positive attitudes towards exercise.	0
"Hello, first of all I would like to express my gratitude to DASH, for  information you share, which  gives us encouragement and hope."	
"My name is xxxx, my background is multidisciplinary, including more than 20 years of the technical experience as engineer and more than 10 years of the clinical experience with critically ill patients in the surgical unit of the busy hospital. It was always fascinating to observe benefits of the physical therapy during rehabilitation process after surgeries and illnesses.Physical therapist implements one of the principles of the neural plasticity “Use it or Lose it” leaving a stretch bands at the patient’s bedside to encourage exercising of the body muscles.Physical weakness can affect different parts of the body, including head and neck muscles. We look very tired when we ill. Aging also brings tiredness to our faces. I always thought how it would be helpful to have a simple tool similar a stretch band or dumbbells to exercise head and neck muscles, to help to feel  muscles of the head and neck during exercising and apply an external resistance during exercising. Now we have  FACEXER – the personal exerciser for head, face and neck muscle strengthening. FACEXER has been developed to keep our facial bones, muscles, skin, respiratory and  digestive systems in a good working condition. FACEXER is a maintenance system created to preserve our functional reserve. Method of exercising with FACEXER is not a miracle remedy for the wrinkles, but a wonderful resource to  maintain our health, youth, energy and  mood in a great state. Now we are offering exercising program in assistance living and nursing home facilities of Florida for prevention dysphagia and sleep apnea. FACEXER LLC also member of Dysphagia Research Society."""	1
"Thank you for making so many wonderful articles available.  I am a high school AP Psychology teacher in Alabama, who is constantly looking for new research to incorporate into my class. Harvard DASH allows for me the access to some of the latest material.  Thank you from someone who realizes that staying relevant means continually learning."	1
I am simply interested in literature and enjoy reading experts' analysis of a variety of literary trends.	0
I am writing a book on the Rome of the Seicento and I am interested in all Roman maps of this period. The article gave me a lot of new informations on these important map-makers.	0
I coordinate classes at OLLI (Osher Life Long Learning Institute) at Northwestern University in Chicago Illinois. I'm preparing a syllabus for the spring term and I would like to consider this paper.	0
"I am teaching a survey course in book history, and had used JSTOR access to give my students Prof. Darnton's 1982 essay as our introduction. Finding this 2007 revision allows me to give them his later thoughts, and to round out our survey in a contemporary way: having access to the Adams & Barker socio-economic diagram supports my course's conclusions clearly and tangibly. Thank you!"	1
I am using this article to help with a paper I am writing about the Father's effects on child development.	0
"Open Access above all means QUICK access, this matters to me.As an interdisciplinary scholar, I have to read an impressive number of different journals, many of which are not accessible via my university library. Open Access helps me do better research faster."	0
I am a middle school math teacher interested in improving my teaching	0
DASH has helped me by availing literature.	0
I'm an activist proposing a new means of radically expanding access to medical care - using Harvard's open access archives has made a world of difference in terms of being able to substantiate my claims with historic research. I couldn't be more grateful!	1
I work with prospective students who may be interested in attending the Harvard Extension School. Actual examples of masters theses previews the level of scholarship these students can expect if they move forward with a program at Harvard and make them feel more connected to the Harvard community.	0
As a 74 year old Ph.D student returning to academia after a gap of nearly 50 years I find being able to access journal articles from leading scholars invaluable.  It avoids endless trawling through inadequate search engines and guarantees that whatever the subject matter the content and quality of scholarship and research always adds to my literature review and research methodology.	0
"This article is mandatory to the International Relations qualify exam at the Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro (PUC-Rio). Thank you for granting access, I truly appreciate it."	1
"I am a student in the Youth Development bachelor's program at Highline College in Seattle, WA. I needed a piece of research that had an example of contingency management data. This helped me with that, and gave me some important insight, as I am also a substance use counselor for youth."	0
Golf coaching (and greenkeeping work) at Ampleforth College with a Physics background set me following up some links as to how we humans throw and hit things. Article from Nature referenced in The Science of the Perfect Swing was very illuminating.	0
"Using it for research for an exhibition at MoMA, New York where I am a researcher. It is incredibly useful to be able to access scholarship without barriers."	0
Physician	0
I am from Ethiopia(one of the developing country).I am a lecturer in Hawasa University medicine and other health science college.I have Msc degree in Bio statistics and health informatics.I wish to get scholarship in your University.	0
"In an article from November 20, 2016, The New York Times featured an article about the disproportionate power of the low-population rural areas compared to high density urban settings and how that imbalance favors Republicans in Congress and in State Capitols (and capitals) around the country: "	
	
"http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/21/upshot/as-american-as-apple-pie-the-rural-votes-disproportionate-slice-of-power.html"""	0
Thanks for DASH!	1
"Thanks for sharing your academic content. The paper I accessed gave me a new perspective that just revolutionized my research agenda for the next few months, perhaps years. Open access rocks!"	1
"I am looking at different ways innovation takes place.  Stanford's Tina Seelig talks of building a Quilt and Harvard's Jennifer Roberts talks of reuniting Science Technology & Humanities - Both Ms. Seelig and Ms Roberts require looking at paintings for long periods as (1) indication of how blind our prisms our (2) improving power of observation etc. Not surprisingly, recombination possibilities improve in all cases."	0
"Thanks! I am an individual developer creating deep learning neural networks and this type of research, which is important for my work, would be inaccessible and not accessible to me if were behind a paywall. Just this morning I have used over 25 papers from publicly accessible resources like this and arXiv. This is a typical day for me. Were it not for these public resources my pace of development would slow 100 fold - I know this to be true becuae I did similar work pre-Internet and what I can now do in a morning would take days at the Stanford library, and I could only get away perhaps once a month to do it. The ability to download and electronically search openly accessible papers is a further massive multiplier on my productivity. Thanks again!"	1
"I'm a district administrator in a large public school district in Washington state. This report helps us, as a district, think about and refine what it means to be ""college-ready,"" acknowledging that for us that means post-secondary ready - ready for 2 year degree work, 4 year college, the military, or other preparation for career."	0
I am a university student and this article helped me to further understand my course work. I love the open policy access!	0
i work in this area and doing research	0
I'm a provider of ESG information to investors in Mexico and this article is key for us when talking to companies and investors	0
"I'm a retired businessman and former mathematics teacher. I'm investigation the nature of explanation in Mathematics. This investigation is serious and has involved extensive research, some writing and a search for people with whom to discuss my project. I expect this paper to influence my research directly."	0
This article helped me understand neotropical Campanulaceae - a family I am only slightly familiar with from living in southern Florida where we have a few plants in genus Lobelia	0
I am a student at the University of Law in Leeds UK. This article forms the backbone of an essay question in Ethics and Professional Legal Practice.	0
"I am teaching a course for a major university in food waste reduction.  Date labeling, as you know, plays in integral part in food waste.  Providing background information regarding how date labeling evolved is important to illustrate the impact of something as simple as a date, how powerful it is, the confusion it causes and the role it plays in the creation of food waste."	0
"Harvard has a stellar reputation. This means that anything Harvard allows one to obtain will likely be well researched and reliable. That is most important. In addition, making material available at no cost allows those of us who can't justify paying for everything our curiosity seeks out, able to seek out and satisfy that curiosity."	0
"I work for a large U.S. city, investing public funds in affordable housing. I don't have a background in land economics and have been wanting to learn more about the market I am influencing through my work. I am reading Edward Glaeser's work through Open Access."	0
"As early as I can remember, I have had a fascination with ancient history. When the opportunity arose for me to study the myths of the ancient world as a people subject, I of cause took it. This fanned the fires. Once started, I was hooked. The more I researched, the more I needed. The opportunity granted to me by such open source websites like Harvard Dash and the University of Chicago, have enabled me access to far more knowledge then I otherwise would have. For this opportunity I am grateful. I do hope that more institutions open up the wealth of information that they hold to the general public. Knowledge is like manure, it must be liberally spread around to help new ideas to grow. Once again, thank you."	1
I wanted to learn more about how voter turnout effects the political process in America. I wanted to know why almost 50% of eligible voters chose not to vote.	0
I am a high school Advanced Placement Psychology teacher in Alabama.  I love research on all things cognition and psychology; and its application to the classroom.  DASH allowed me access to an article on biases in the classroom which I plan to use with my students to further their knowledge of the conscious and unconscious mind.	0
Cited this paper in a book on Steroids and Drug Abuse for ABC-CLIO (second edition of the book).	0
I'm a student at Penn State University writing a speech on climate change. This article is now one of my sources.	0
"Greetings. I am a Pueblo Native American Graduate student at the University of New Mexico Community and Regional Planning Program. Access to this document will assist me greatly with a final about the workings of Indigenous re-territorialization, “excised spaces”, class, race,"	
"power, and inequality. """	0
I am using this article as I prepare the Johns Hopkins survey of modern medicine from 18th C – present	0
"I teach in the college classroom, and for research purposes, DASH is wonderful because it grants access to material only paid subscriptions or prohibitive fees exclude from them."	0
"I'm a mature student in Ontario, Canada that is doing a 5 person group project. The project is about Colgate toothpaste with an emphasis on Colgate kids toothpaste. I was trying to find information on the industry standards on Colgate toothpaste. I couldn't find any so I just tried the industry standards on toothpaste and found this site. I figure some of this information should be applicable since Colgate is a toothpaste and this article has some standards toothpaste info."	0
"Psychologist unattached to an institution, so open access to articles [and software] is critical, so thank you!"	1
As a securities analyst my livelihood depends on understanding and implementing techniques that often appear in academic journal articles. Now that I am unemployed I cannot afford to purchase rights to every article that appears relevant; yet that is essentially what I ought to be doing in order to prevent my skills from atrophying. Open access to material like this makes a difference in preserving and even developing my skills without having access to a corporate budget for library material.	0
"I am leading a discussion group on A New New Testament for Westminster Shores (active living retirement community) in St Petersburg, Florida.  The participants are avid students of early Christianity, and several track down impressive secondary scholarship such ad Karen King's piece on The Secret Revelation of John."	0
"I am a Economics, as a subject of studying, Lover."	0
"I am a Jamaican who is retired from teaching English Language and Literature for over 40 years. Over time however , my interest in the history of the African diaspora has grown , grown, grown , and this is where I am doing most of my reading. I am now in the middle of Clinton Hutton's 'Colour for Colour , Skin for Skin,Marching with the Ancestral Spirits Into War Oh at Morant Bay' . I just two days discovered , bought and started reading Sir Hilary Beckles 'The First Black Slave Society : Britain’s “Barbarity Time” in Barbados, 1636-1876' . A mention on FACEBOOK in the wee hours of this morning of the institution of 'Protector Of The Slaves' , which I had never heard of , sent me scurrying to google , and there I found this article. I am interesting in tracking down and learning about the Caribbean Carolina connections and have been advised by a historian how to approach that search. There are so many fascinating history courses at the University Of The West Indies, Mona ( my alma mater 1974 ) and I play around with the idea of auditing an entire history degree. Until that decision is made, wonderful books and lectures come my way. I do feel a deep hunger to connect with our ancestors from Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica, Guyana, in fact all the African forebears who were forced onto the Middle Passage and may or may not have reached these shores of the Caribbean Sea. Mothers and fathers who suffered the traumas of the transatlantic trade in African persons , your strengths and resilience are evidenced in our existence, our survival , our unique characteristics and culture. We bow to you, we honour your journey , we ask your blessing . Ashe !"	0
Looking for research papers regarding MRI as I am studying for a Masters degree in it.	0
"I was born in the Northeastern of Brazil, the poorest region of this country, and I'm learning how to improve this social as well economic condition through out studies of Management, what has affected my carrear along of 25 years, providing to me evidences how knowledge affects the peoples life and open access to sources were always a key factor for who hasn't enough resources to reach the management best practices. Nowadays, I'm starting a new chapter of my career, now as a professor in college for worker from the Brazilian industries and also starting a MsC in Industrial Technology and Management. So, the Harvard DASH Open Access is already affecting this new chapter of my career since the moment I'm facing the enrollment process of this MsC that must affected not only myself, but also all Brazilian student that will be learning about Management    i my classes."	0
I am a College Student working on a research paper	0
"I'm a sociology major at Davidson College, and this paper has made me realize that I had been using the word ""culture"" without really clarifying what I meant. Since reading the paper, I have been able to clearly articulate what I mean by culture, and has sparked an interest in cultural sociology more broadly. I am currently conducting an ethnography of the eating culture at my Eating House at Davidson, and I started the research before I had read the paper and have since realized that I am actually looking at values, frames, and symbolic boundaries as different aspects of culture regarding food within the Eating House. My paper would be an absolute mess without the guidance of Lamont, Small, and Harding. "	0
"How can this story not affect the reader, this could provide the necessary information to change the way society treats women."	0
"Trying to understand the discussions at the ""real climate"" website."	
"This paper also addresses another interest in the modeling of the long term stability of the Solar System."""	0
I am an occupational therapist developing a new organization that provides resilience training to health care professionals. This study affirms my belief that the ability to know one's authentic self and bring that self to the workplace reduces burnout	0
I'm a teacher looking for the best way to work in team	0
I am a Economist working for the World Bank and studying Social Welfare Functions and how to better understand government's redistributive preferences. Easy access to research is very helpful for my work.	0
I used this source for a History of Nursing at CSUEB	0
Case of study in a  graduate course of Development Economics at the London School of Economics.	0
"Having access to Harvard articles has been a great help in my research for school topics. The articles are not only well written, but also very easily cited due to their origin. Thanks for Open Access!"	1
I am a Psychology teacher and we are looking at prejudice and specifically the validity of questionnaires used in prejudice. This is a great article for my students to read. Thank you.	1
I'm a university student trying to learn more about the world. That Harvard is committed to sharing academic knowledge is significant.	0
Im archaeologist	0
"I'm considering dissertation topics and have long been passionate that college may indeed not be ""for all"". "	0
I am a chemistry teacher at a boarding school in Delaware. I wanted to make my chemistry class more relevant and more connected. I was looking for an application of energy concepts that students could find relatable. The evolutionary history of cooking food seemed the perfect idea for high school sophomores who had biology their freshman year and who benefit from cooked food themselves daily. :)	0
Hypothyroidism -insomnia-gain weight	0
I'm using Kant's Categorical Imperitive as my value criterion for a debate!	0
I'm a student of economics in Universidad De Chile. This article helped me al ot to order my research in my final pre-grade investigation. It is very useful and sympathetic article.	0
I've added this to my reading list for a PhD.D public finance class I'm teaching next year.	0
I'm a student doing a paper about the Ecstasy of Saint Teresa and whether or not the sexual references tied to the sculpture are appropriate for a church.	0
I am educating myself for a potential job in a complex industry. I found a DASH paper that allowed me to gain really significant understanding of this new topic. The quality of the paper was outstanding and I would have clearly needed years in this industry to gain even just a fraction of this specialized knowledge. This is awesome and akin to a super power :-) Thanks DASH!	1
I am a Bachelors of Accounting student working on an essay.	0
I am an undergraduate student conducting research. Many individuals who are not affiliated with universities or colleges do not have access to important academic materials. I appreciate y'all making this important resource accessible to anyone and everyone. I fully support your endeavor to bring scholarly materials to a broader audience. Thank you!	1
"I am currently taking online courses with another university. The completion of one of my assignments required the review and citation of a particular article in my paper. However, the full article was not available on my university's online library. Thankfully, I was able to access the article on the Harvard DASH/Open Access webpage."	1
I want to know how Sufism was introduced in West Africa. How my family get involved in Sufism.	0
"I am searching for information on Dr Robert Gross and his biography.  As I understand it I was his 1,000th (in 1965) procedure for a patent ductus arteriosus. I was three at the time and all I have a fuzzy memories that seem to have been built on the impressions of of others, namely my fathers and siblings."	
	
"I was also hoping to find out any information about his connection with Dr. Vivien Thomas.  My parents have both passed away and my family members told me that my father would weep copiously when he watched """"Something the Lord Made"""".  I was unable to find any connection other than the knowledge that Dr. Gross seemed to have rejected the ideas presented by Dr. Taussig.  Nevertheless, this research has been quite emotionally uplifting.  I am quite grateful to all helped me and I hoped to find out more about them.  I cannot thank my father for his gift of blood, nor my mother for perseverance in locating Dr Gross, nor Dr Gross, nor all the others at Childrens Hospital in Boston who helped other than through my thoughts.  I also thank you all at Harvard for making this article available to me."	
	
Gratias tibi muneri ago	
"Si valetis, valeo!"""	1
"We, the people in less privileged countries feel so fortunate that fabulous universities and institutions have shared their knowledge resources as open access sources. DASH is an excellent source of knowledge benefiting researchers and seekers of knowledge around the world. It is hoped that more and more knowledge will be made available free through WEB for the common good of humanity irrespective of race, color, religion, poor or rich."	0
"I just read a chapter on ""Open Quantum Systems"" by Tempel et al. It was very well written and extremely pedagogical for a beginner, such as me. It is nice to have such things available at a distance of a google search!"	0
"The easy, open access to Academic Journal Articles afforded to me by the Harvard DASH has allowed to to complete the research from my Archaeology degree coursework from remote locations, allowing me to study outwith the University of Glasgow Library."	0
I'm a business student from Germany and use J. C. Stein's article for my master thesis. I'm glad you made his article openly available. Thanks a lot!	1
Research on behavior economics for school paper	0
"I am an independent researcher and author, and don't have a home institution that provides access to scholarly journals. The Toronto Reference Library is a great resource which I use frequently, but it doesn't have all the journals, theses, etc., that I'd like to examine. Thank you for making this research freely available."	1
I am a middle schooler who participated in a debate club at my school. I have been trying to find study and report that are not bias to support my argument. I found Harvard DASH /Open Access to be extremely valuable to my research!	0
"I am a retired lawyer.  I acquired a Master's in Anthropology, with emphasis on Archaeology in 2008, after retirement.  For the last seven years I have voluntarily done lectures in various fields of Archaeology for a large senior citizen's group located on the campus of Cal State Fullerton.  The group is part of OLLI, Osher Life Long Learning. I use resources such as this one to provide the most up to date or scientifically valid information for my lectures.  Thank you for making this one free of cost."	1
assigning article to my graduate seminar	0
Thanks for making this materiel accessible. I would never have access to it otherwise!	
"Chafik, Morocco"""	1
Harvard DASH has given me access to a study that I would like to link to in an article I'm writing so that readers may investigate further and see the evidence for themselves if they so choose. Thank you!	1
I am a pediatric In Brazil anda I haver interestadual In scientific articles in my area.	0
"I could use this article on a PhD research in Brazil. If it wasn't for Harvard's initiative, I probably would not have access to the article."	0
I am a college student working on a Journalism project. This article was exactly what I needed for my research!	0
"I am a public school teacher writing a term paper for my Master's in American History.  Access to this source will help me learn more about the topic, and in turn I can pass this knowledge on to my students.  Thank you for sharing this resource."	1
"I'm developing classroom resources about new applications and observations of static electricity, and will be citing this resource. Open access really improves the quality of STEM curriculum, thanks!"	1
my life	0
"I'm  a recently retired faculty member with a doctorate in reading, and a strong conviction that early reading instruction (K-2nd grade) needs to be open access in order to help close the achievement gap in reading. I am designing a program of skill practice games that can be ""taught"" by anyone in a family or community who has a basic 3rd grade reading level. The skill games can provide the consistent, successful reading practice that struggling readers need to improve, and what they rarely get in school. Harvard Open Access research not only fuels my fire, but it also will be especially useful when I present my program to certain audiences, like funders and school personnel. Thank you!!"	1
"Working n a University where timetable does not allow lecturers to visit libraries as frequently as we like, open access is crucial for my research. I am writing on Knighthood and would like to read academic opinions on Bruni, de Militia. There are some, one is this present article. A good piece of interpretation. A pity no proper footnotes, but I understand it is a working paper. Thank you very much for offering this materials."	1
"I am a PhD candidate in the Life sciences field, and am revising a paper prior to publication.  My calculatin of effect sizes was questioned, and this paper justifies the mathematics so that I can justify my work to reviewers"	0
"As an Emeritus Professor (Medicine) at the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Brasil), I have always argued that science, as education and health care, are all public goods or common goods. As such, they must be considered as common rights and of public access without any charges to it, beyond the taxes we pay for democratic governments. Initiatives such as DASH, which provides open access to scientific literature is always wellcomed and must be praised. Congratulations.  I have shared this site to our students and medical school staff."	0
I am begininng a study looking at developing a low intensity CBT intervention in low back pain for use by physios and psychological wellbeing practitioners in IAPT UK	0
I am begininng a study looking at developing a low intensity CBT intervention in low back pain for use by physios and psychological wellbeing practitioners in IAPT UK	0
"I am a student at a regional college, 30 years old. Going to college for the first time. Ethics and Philosophy are another language to me. This is helpful in breaking it down."	0
I teach environmental science to high school students.	0
My article is due to the journal next week and I need to read and cite this piece - thank you!	1
I used the document to explain and provide examples for history and geography assignments	0
"Thank you for providing this article to the public. I'm a retiree who has been researching how the 2008 Financial Crisis happened for the past several years with the intent of eventually having my own web site that will use plain and simple language to explain the financial coup our country has experienced (per Simon Johnson's article ""The Quiet Coup."" My current focus is how making derivatives a ""safe harbor"" in case of bankruptcy affected the many municipalities, counties, school districts, transit agencies, and other public agencies that went bankrupt in recent years."	1
"I'm a Spanish student who is starting his PhD in Macau, China. I will be working the next 4 years with zebrafish's behavior and response. This article is a great source of knowledge as it shows related and useful information concerning my project. It's a great idea to make this study openly accessible for anyone who might be interested (not only working within this field)."	0
I am a PhD candidate in Australia researching in trade union renewal. Having open access to contemporary literature is both enlightening and a great support for me in my writng.	0
within the framework of an H2020 EU grant aimed at preventing corneal blindness we are interested in the Boston Kpro	0
"This article is helpful to me as a resource in my research project for my master's course.  I am researching the effects of class size in elementary schools in low-income, urban areas.  Access to multiple articles on related topics is very much appreciated."	0
"I'm developing chart parsers for unification-based grammars. Grammar specification largely follows PATRII, a formalism developed by Shieber."	0
I am a curious man.	0
"Currently I am looking at a paper on how a copy of Tatian's Diatessaron may have influenced Anglo-Hibernian art. In search of a Greek-text version of Tatian's Oratio ad Graecos,, and googling, I have found ""Mapping the World: Justin, Tatian,Lucian, and the Second"	
"Sophistic Age. My interests are fairly wide, and I would like to know more about the Second Sophistic Age. I have read some Lucian, but I do wander if Justin Bieber (or is it Justin Timberlake?) have to offer about a time under the Roman Empire."""	0
"Great that some valuable information is available for scientists around the world for free - not to pay $39.99 for article, especially from the sources like .edu or .org. Thanks a lot!"	1
"As a scientist who researches early middle eastern archaeology I have been astonished by places such as Baalbeck (with its 1,000 and recently discovered 1,400-ton stones) and Gobleki Tepe (perhaps the greatest modern discovery of all). The impossible 3,000 BC drilling through obsidian to make beads also baffles me. Cyclopean structures world wide have also amazed me. I read this article about the incredibly early date of the Jericho Tower and the possible reasons for it having been built. What shook me most though was the fact that there were 22 steps to reach the top of a 10m tower. Do the maths. Surely each of those dressed stone steps would have had a fall of 45.4 cm (c.17.87 inches). A modern staircase is usually about 20 cm or 8 inches. Even without carrying anything, what height would even an average  person have had to be to comfortably climb up these step?"	0
"I'm a high school student who is researching astrobiology for a senior capstone project. Most of my ideal resources are locked behind paywalls or restricted access, so DASH and Open Access have been absolute godsends. My project would not be possible (or at least would have been of far lesser quality) without them."	0
About : Neurocognitive and Somatic Components of Temperature	
Increases during g-Tummo Meditation: Legend and Reality	
	
"It's permits me to have a better understanding on this intersting phenomena, and to see at wich point peoples transformed this study into """"super power of buddhist that science can't explain"""" So it's permits me : 1) To verify information that are on the web 2) To learn more about this realy interesting phenomena 3) To see how to make a serious study about something (the methodology i mean)"	
"Morover it's permits to enlarge the knowledg of peoples, so i think that Harvard Open Access is great ! """	0
"Dear Harvard,"	
	
"Thanks for releasing this knowledge to the public. The people and I depend on you to release the best information produced by the smartest people. (And not the idiots who run the media). Your story has been bastardized by many media sources (CNN, Vox, and even snapchat) and once the media rewrites your experiment data, all of the evidence and interesting discoveries are left out of the story. If you were to stop publishing your brilliant work, the people of the public nation would suffer even MORE from a pandemic of stupidity at the fault of major media groups. For the sake of educating our massive population of oblivious individuals, please keep up the good work. Thank you for making a difference. "	
-----------------------------------------	
"Best wishes and God bless you all,"	
Nick Ferrara	
nickferra1@gmail.com	
"If you wish to share this, I agree to allow that on the condition that you crop out my email address. Thanks! """	1
"I am an entertainment lawyer by profession. Although I have never lived in New York City, I've always been fascinated by the city's high society and its significant cultural figures. I am originally from Alabama, so Truman Capote's relationships with the upper crust are of particular interest."	0
This paper was beneficial for me to finish my thesis for my undergraduate program in International Relations. The definition of Treaty and Violations in this paper was clearly stated and easy to understand to explain about the case in my thesis.	0
helps on my research	0
I just wanted to see if I could find research into inheritance of acquired characteristics.  I had remembered reading a few years ago about researchers demonstrating this in mice.	0
"I'm a student researcher interested in educational technology, and Open Access has allowed me to pour over a bunch of relevant work, and in particular helped me discover Ingenium, a paper that was just released this year that I'm now really excited about and hope will help fuel my research!"	0
"It is extremely refreshing when I come across well written reports that are free and open to the public so that all students have the opportunity to benefit from it. Thank you so much, I sincerely hope that there will be more open access material available from other sources too."	1
"This study is very useful and would be still more relevant if the authors used the PREFLEX concept from Dr, Gerald Loeb's 1995 bio robotics paper. Dr. Michael Dickinson also used the PREFLEX concept in his paper ""How Animals Move."" A PREFLEX is an automatic neuromuscular structure found widely in animals and nearly instantaneously redistributes limb actions. In horses and other athletes with SYSSARCOSIS architecture it unifies the whole animal. Its automatic behavior frees the nervous system to make escape or capture decisions. Consider, for instance, pistol shrimp or the foot of some flies. The PREFLEX is a systems concept in the sense of Dr. Ilya Prigogine's Nobel Prize. I suggest you could find his 1983 OMNI interview informative."	0
"My name is xxxx. I am currently enrolled in the University of Alaska Fairbanks' Arctic and Northern Studies Masters program, with a focus on Arctic Policy. I am Inupiaq and am working hard at trying to figure out how to foster peaceful dialog between nations in order to keep the Arctic war-free. Access to these kinds of articles for my studies for the next two years is going to be essential. Thank you."	1
"for my retail marketing management class, my homework is to write about walmart's business model"	0
Thanks for sharing valuable knowledge	1
I'm writing an article on developments in contemporary capitalisms and access to this article helped me to think far more widely about the ways in which capitalism has been envisaged over time	0
"I am a mature age student, and have recommenced study after 25 years. It is astounding how much information is freely available to me. I am very excited at the opportunities and possibilities that freely available information offers me. I am very thankful for the generosity of academics and hope this new knowledge will help me to benefit society also."	1
I am researching the use of visual imagination in mathematics at all levels. This article enabled me to see that Kosslyn's 1994 theory has not been overturned in a significant respect.	0
"I'm researching about the new regionalism approach and practices in South America (particularly the case on UNASUR and UNASUR-Health) for my Masters Thesis in the University of Melbourne, and interestingly I came up with the literature of Ostry and Aghion, related to economic growth in developing countries and their neo-Schumpeterian approach. It will be interesting to compare their insights to what new regionalism can achieve!"	0
It is a good source of information	0
"I am teaching a Public Speaking class to a group of homeschooled 6th-12th graders. I am using this research to test (and demonstrate) how exuding confidence is predictive of resulting performance. The students will complete the first two assignments on narrative speeches with no knowledge of the high power pose concept, Afterwards,I will introduce students to the pose, and they will do complete a mock job interview and persuasive sales pitch. I plan to take anecdotal notes."	0
"I am directing an independent study with a graduate student interested in the intersection of race, culture the arts and community development."	0
"The information in this dissertation will be used to help design our family engagement strategy in Charlotte, North Carolina. Thanks for making this open and accessible."	1
I want build a greekallista	0
"I want to understand Adam Smith. I am a college educated woman, who was encouraged to read stories. Adam Smith has many stories to tell even from1776 to 2016. I want to understand his theories to understand how they impact economic and personal decisions."	0
" am  CTE teacher and have for over 20 years prepared students for life after high school with a set of  skills that can take them right into employment or postsecondary education. Publications such as ""Pathways to Prosperity"" help bolster the position that Technical Education is needed now more that ever."	0
"as a graduate student in data science, I find this resource to be of immense value."	0
"After 50 years of teaching and designing programs for exceptional children and young adults, I decided to devote the rest of my life to "	
examining the reason special education has always enrolled a disproportionate number of boys and why young men are no longer attending or remaining in college to the extent that they did in the past.   I ask...What's happening to our boys and men of many colors!	
"	0"	
"I am a graduate student researching culturally aware approaches to counseling. As I dig deeper, I am discovering that multiculturalism which elevates distinctives above common causes, is contributing to the disintegration of civic involvement. The emphasis on a person's identity has become paramount at the expense of citizenship. As the authors contend, the growing ""civic empowerment gap"" is thus widening. Client empowerment is often a vital factor within the field of counseling. The information contained in this document has certainly inspired me to advocate for integrative civics education as a means of improving both individual and community health. Thank you for making it freely available."	1
Gathering papers for my Masters thesis in Cognitive Science.	0
I am a vet student working on my doctorate thesis. This study is about human animal relationship /  pet ownership and more precisely studying differences in cat and dog owners. It is sometimes difficult for me as a vet student to have access to psychology reviews or magazines so thanks for this article.	1
DASH's open access articles are helping me in my PhD journey. i am really greatful to you for your open access policy. spreading the knowledge all around the world is what human nature should be. this is what makes us who we are.	0
I did really well in my statistics classes and casual inference is a subfield of statistics. I am now extremely interested and motivated to pursue research in casual inference. Harvard DASH allows me to stay on top of the current research ideas and methods in the field of casual inference.	0
"I am an Australian year 12 student who takes a modern history class, without many of the articles offered, my arguments and essays would be weak."	0
"My name is xxxx. I have a degree  in languages: Portuguese/English by Universidade Estácio,and I would like to improve my qualifications through your courses.I have passed Three public concourses and I intend to choose two of them because it would be impossible to take the three of them due to the time spent in traffic."	0
"As the husband of a Harvard graduate, I am familiar with the excellent resources open to students.  This article was extremely helpful and I would have had not ability to find this information on my own.  Thank you for Open Access.  Keep up the great work!"	1
"I'm a mom, we have a family history of breast, ovarian and pancreatic cancer.  My mom died of ovarian cancer one year ago and was BRCA 1/2 negative.  With a severely autistic son, my daughter's high school science project analyzed our immediate family's four exomes looking for autism variants.  Just now, I was searching the web for Ovarian Cancer information as my sister is going in for genetic testing and this article mentions  LEKR1 rs62273959 has an association with EOC.  My exome shows this exact variant in the 3q25 region.  It is comforting to know you are researching genetic links to this awful disease and helping me better understand OC.  Thank you!"	
"	1"	
I am an independent researcher who no longer has access to university databases and libraries. The ability to access this article has assisted me in my own research and publications. Thank you!	1
"I am a highschool student, and it frustrates me the amount of articles that are hidden behind paywalls, and it's very hard to conduct research on things that I care about and thnings that I want to express. Thank you so much for keeping your article Open Access, and keeping the spread of knowledge open."	1
"I was in need of some literature related to Ladder of Investiment, so I could prepair some classes and I found very helpful to have this article in open access"	0
I am researching women and education in the 1950s as part of a larger project on the life of Sara Mayfield and wanted to learn more about Dr. Vendler's experiences.	0
"Nearly two years ago, my grandson was born with CPT2, a fatty acid oxidation disorder.  Not only was the family's understanding of this limited, but so was the pediatrician's.  I began to read everything I could find on CPT2 and other FAODs.  I decided to write a book that summarized my research in a way families could read and understand but that would also be useful for doctors at the community level.  Having open access has increased my knowledge and the scope of my book.  I hope it benefits many for whom these are frightening and unfathomable when first diagnosed."	0
"I have been binge-reading Emile Zola, and wish to know more about the Catholic Church in France to understand his defection when he shares so strongly so many of the principles of the Faith. This article is one of the few I have found so far in my search, and I do appreciate it being available to me. I will use the bibliography as well as the content."	0
"I'm an analyst and public policy consultant working on impact and ethical investment. Without a high-quality evidence base, my work is much less worthwhile. The paper ""The Impact of Corporate Sustainability on Organizational Processes and Performance"", which contradicts generally held opinion that ethical investment practices must generally underperform, may be a crucial part of convincing readers that this is a field worth paying attention to."	0
It's 0249.  No libraries are open.  Fair chance I would never have read this without real time access.	0
Seems there were no hospitals before Classical Greece but there was health care. I'm seeking an understanding of how it was delivered in space -time through the general urban infrastructure.	0
"I'm a scholarly communications librarian who is trying to keep up on recommendations and good faith practices in the field, and it is incredibly helpful to have an open access report easily accessible on the topic. Thank you!"	1
"I am an a senior urban planning professional working in an urban development parastatal in the state of Maharashtra, India. I am pursuiing PhD in the Tata Instiute of Social Sciences (TISS) In Mumbai.  Since I am working, I am not eligible to receive any scholarship from any quarter.  My employers' policy for allowing employees to go for higher studies does not include a scholarship.   This free access is a life saver for me. It allows me to access to the works of the best minds in Harvard, and overcome the limitations of my employers(barely existent) library and  the TISS  library. Long live DASH."	0
"I stumbled on Open Access by chance because I had been googling the Austrian writer Hugo von Hofmannsthal. I found the doctoral dissertation of Kim Hang-Sun ""Unser Dasein starrt von Büchern"" which I enjoyed tremendously for its intelligent, well-written analysis. This has helped me better to understand the importance of Hofmannsthals poetological theory and its importance for my own literary and religious experience. Thank you for this possibility of sharing!"	1
"Sou aluno de doutorado em filosofia na Universidade Federal de São Carlos, Brasil. O acesso a artigos como o de HANKINS, James ""Ficino On Reminiscentia And The Transmigration Of Souls"". constitui valioso instrumento de trabalho, que me permitirá abrir novas vias de interpretação para o tema da reminiscência. Trata-se de um tema muito discutido em Platão, mas é possível, com alguns autores contemporâneos,mostrar que ele pressentiu uma fonte interna de conhecimento, o que corresponde, enfim, ao que hoje chamamos de dimensão inconsciente da alma. "	0
"Open access has aided me greatly in writing my senior thesis. There have been many sources that would have been valuable to my paper that cost large amounts of money. It is wonderful to know I have a reliable, free source of information here."	0
"My gratitude and appreciation to OSC which has helped tremendously in keeping me updated with development in science, technology and management of health care worldwide. This is important for my job in the Indonesian Accreditation Agency for Higher Education in Health (LAM-PTKes)."	1
"I am a Canadian family physician and practices in Integrative medicine.  Integrative medicine aims to find the root cause of illness and address this, rather than simply make a diagnosis based on a group of symptoms and treat the symptoms with a medication.  As part of my practice I use a low carbohydrate weight loss plan.  Many of my patients, especially those who are attempting to lose weight or are aware of the negative health aspects of sugar, use artificial sweeteners.  Your article has enabled me to learn about the detailed history of legislation of aspartame, and has enabled me to provide this information to patients, that they can make an informed decision for themselves on the use of aspartame as an artificial sweetener."	0
"I have been an adjunct professor at a community college for years and a have also worked with low-income, first-gen students for over a decade. Open access has benefited me since my institutions do not have large research libraries with subscriptions to hundreds of journals."	0
"I'm a former researcher of atmospheric chemistry. Having left academia I no longer had access to scientific papers, that were particularly useful to allow me to remain updated on the field so that I could remain competitive in my academic job search. Also, in another role, while doing research for an NGO on the environmental and public health impacts of conflict, it was very limiting not having journal access. I had to rely on the kindness of former colleagues and friends who remained at university to access articles."	0
I'm a clinical neurologist in private practice seeing a EDCS patient with odd symptoms and an unusual imaging finding in her lumbar spine.  This is a very helpful article describing neuroimaging findings seen in these patients and a good review.	0
"I am a food scientist and researcher and had worked with fermented melon seeds Citrullus vugaris . I am fascinated by recent developments linking fermented foods, their metabolites produced by microorganisms, and their interaction with the flora in our gut towards improving our mental health. The new of area of study nutritional psychiatry that is developing from these knowledge base is very beneficial and very promising to our mental wellbeing"	0
I am a single mother trying to earn a graduate degree in order to make a career change. We do not come from any money at all and are on a very limited budget. I go to a public university and often library access is complicated or not working correctly. It helps me immensely to have open access for articles I need for my research.	0
"My son has Pearson's Syndrome so I am very interested in this article. It is great to know that people care about the patients who have this disorder, since it is extremely rare and few have it."	0
"Im writing my dissertation, based in Critical Race Theory.  The article that I found access to added to a body of research that supports my understanding of disproportionat e punishment by race in elementary schools."	0
I am a high school student doing research for the debate season. The subjects I am passionate about often have literature bases that are locked behind institutional access. This discourages me from my individual pursuits and is highly demotivating when the time I spend researching comes at the cost of my studies and grades. Every piece of information helps me to understand subjects that would normally be out of reach for someone in my position.	0
During my group meeting a student asked about the dislocation / electromagnetism analogy. I remembered Peter Pershan's paper and was able to access and share it instantly with my group.	0
"I was searching the web for a list of the FDA's antidepressant approvals and happened upon Katherine Wray's third year paper, ""Combating Depression: A History and Analysis of FDA Regulation of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors."" I'm interested in the ins and outs of drug approvals, and Ms. Wray presented information I hadn't encountered before. I am happy to have stumbled upon her paper. Thank you for creating DASH...I'll be back."	1
"I am a physician. My private study of Greek and Roman medicine, in particular the medical sects, led me to research the claim that Galen's teleology was an advance on Aristotle. This article was very helpful."	0
"as a 2016 -2017Fulbright-Fogarty Public Health Fellow (Sub-Saharan Africa) studying trauma access and care in Kumasi, Ghana, I am extremely grateful for the free/open access to this timely research. My Thanks!"	1
"I am a staff member working on a lesson for xxxx Makeup Artistry in Chicago, IL. Sarah's research and abstract has helped me share the history of makeup with our students."	0
"I am working on how stigma affects employees at work. This article has helped in various ways. I congratulate the team behind this mission of sharing information, studies and findings."	0
"This film opened my eyes even further regarding what America is up against in the battle to stop the importing, selling and use of drugs.  Also, on the matter of corruption.  I work as an addictions counselor in  a residential treatment center and plan to show this movie and develop a discussion guide based on the article provided by Harvard."	0
"I am a psychiatric RN and PhD Nursing student who heard about the potential implications of EE for patient outcomes.  I am very interested in how we can use EE and related measures to better identify patients and families that might benefit most from targeted interventions or, at least, frank discussions."	0
Attending the excellent conference on employer engagement in education and training in London. Listening to Robert Schwartz talking about the Pathways to Prosperity report. Looking forward to understanding the challenges that the US is facing with ensuring educational and economic prosperity for all and learning from the work to inform policy and strategy here in London.	0
"Thank you. I am seeking material for a graduate course on computational complexity theory, that illustrates how complexity theory influences Science and vice versa. This article can be a valuale component of the curriculum."	1
Attending the excellent conference on employer engagement in education and training in London. Listening to Robert Schwartz talking about the Pathways to Prosperity report. Looking forward to understanding the challenges that the US is facing with ensuring educational and economic prosperity for all and learning from the work to inform policy and strategy here in London.	0
"I am a physician with a PhD in theology serving as a science consultant to Multnomah Biblical Seminary, and I want to use this article to expand my knowledge of the history of science."	0
"The story about Ifa worshipers is originally Egyptian. The people migrated to West Africa. Upper Nile was originally known as Ile-Ife, where they believe that God created man, before migrating to Western Nigeria where some of them were now. The people were not as dark as they were now, but had to co-habit with West African host.  The migration of this people is as a result of Ifa deity, which gave them the ""Ori-Olokun"" or Olokun divinity.  "	0
"I am a business teacher at the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul, in central Brazil. I have recently created an extra class study group on Entrepreneurship, Management, Innovation and Competitiveness. I am currently selecting articles for discussion."	
"On the other hand, the articles will be useful in my regular classes and in my own research pertaining the topics above."""	0
"I am a researcher and teacher , my field is International Relations and research area is peace education in context of Pakistan. I was looking for a recent review of Pakistan's education policy , Mariam Chughtai's dissertation is just the kind of work I was looking for. Many thanks for making it accessible."	1
"Writing: Head and Neck, morphology, models and their multitasking. Chap 6 is Cut off your nose to spite your face: Face, nose, the paranasal sinuses and smell related to taste."	0
I'm a NYC educator seeking additional endorsements in Middle School Education and Reading. I am researching the societal changes brought about by the American Civil War.	0
"I am working on a book that tries to trace the ethnogenetical processes of almost all ethnicities and nationalities of the Iranian and related contexts. This book named FROM THE MISTS OF AGES is currently in advanced draft form. The primary ethnogenesis study relates to the Pashtuns and that has been used as a centrepiece to explain broader processes related to tajiks, baloch, brahvi,, azeri, kurd, gilgittis, chitrali,, broshos, nuristanis, pashai as well as bulgars, Volga tatars, Armenians, bashkirs, ukrainians, russians and other smaller groups around the regions of central Eurasia. To my knowledge no such broad based work has yet been conducted. The primary takeaway from this manuscript would be the untold history of the development of the Pashtun people that are around 60 million in numbers, globally."	0
"I love following the DASH trending works. Given how closely they relate to current world events, clearly others do too!"	0
"I am pursuing a Masters Degree in Clinical Translation Management at the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas.  In the last spring semester I took a Genetics Class and the final project was to present a trial in a FDA regulatory case against American Home Products and their drug Fen-Phen.  I partnered with a classmate to represent American Home Products in order to defend the company against the FDA's intentions to remove Fen-Phen from the market. I found this article in the web and it was my main source of reference to prepare the case against the classmates who represented the FDA.  During my oral arguments in the case trial, most of the information that I gathered and then presented as evidence to defend American Home Products, was taken out of this Harvard Law student article.  Two other classmates represented the jury in the trial.  What was their verdict?  They denied the FDA's request to remove Fen-Phen out of the market and the Genetics professors gave my classmate an I an A for the Genetics final project."	0
I understand authors of article have developed a governance index which I plan to use as part of my dissertation.  Having open access allows me to continue my research and refine my hypothesis	0
Could not access article identified below.	0
"I am a current doctoral candidate.  This database will allow me to broaden my research on challenging subject matter as it relates to qualitative, peer reviewed articles"	0
I wrote a book Mental Illness Fact or Fiction which examines the link between abuse and mental illness.	0
DASH offers a great mission by making high quality scientific literature available for free So large categories and worldwide diversity of young researchers could gain access for these articles for free and this promotes scientific research progression	0
"I am a PhD student at the University of Nairobi, Kenya. It is a problem to access some of the journals from here because our libraries are not subscribers, may be due to the cost. DASH  is so helpful, I can now access the papers online"	0
"I'm chemist and scientific journalist in the Catalan TV. I'm very interested in the interrelation among sience, culture and society."	0
I'm a journalist doing research on the links between diversity and economic prosperity	0
"Thank you so much for allowing open access to scholarly works.  I am a returning student in my 50's, working toward my first college degree, a lifelong goal.  I can't thank you enough for offering these works free of charge; we are on a budget, and it's wonderful to be able to do credible research without additional cost."	1
I am taking doctoral level classes in education. Having access to full text documents and primary sources makes researching ideas and defending positions possible. Thank You	1
Thanks for sharing. I am studying the effects of accountability policies in education in Brazil and access to these articles is a treasure trove.	1
I am a graduate student doing research at Northeastern.	0
I am a public policy and research analyst working on the use of large scale assessments to track progress in learning outcomes and I am intrigued by the work on strategic behaviour and score inflation in educational assessment. The caveats advanced by the researchers give food for thought especially as many developing countries are embarking on standardised large scale assessments and my paper will result in policy and research recommendations.	0
My brother has Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Being able to access and read a dissertation done on it - with some hope - was really heartwarming.	0
"DASH has allowed me reading a Charles Maier article for free the hardcopy of which I had lost before. As my local uni's library didn't have a copy, I would have had to buy it, even though all I was after was one specific quotation, making it a nuisance to spend money on something I had drawn ideas from which benefitted my academic writing, but had no use to re-read for me."	0
I am researching the effects of air pollution on public health. Access to this paper helps my understanding of this critical issue. All papers funded by tax payer research should be freely available to the public. This type of research is so critical to making the world a better place. Hats off to Harvard for being a leader on sharing their research findings. All universities should follow your lead.	0
"I am a Senior Lecturer at the University of Papua New Guinea, School of Law. Papua New Guinea is one of the 30 poorest countries in the world and ranks 145 on the corruption index by Transparency International. The University of PNG has no money and therefore does not subscribe to any journals. Our library is old and outdated. As educators, researchers and writers we are completely dependent on open source material and I cannot thank you enough for sharing your material with us. It means everything."	1
E-mail conversation----documentation needed.	0
"I work from home as an editor for a number of behavioral scientists. As part of my work, I'm often conducting literature searches, which includes locating copies of the articles in question. Being able to download the articles you provide makes my job nearly effortless. When I reach a closed site, it slows the work down at least a few days, depending on where I can locate a copy. I appreciate your generosity very much."	0
"I'm a voter, I care about issues, I prefer to know facts rather than the political rhetoric of the political parties."	
	
"In thinking and debating the meaning of Brexit, and what happens or ought to happen next, this article is meaningful."""	0
lecturer	0
"I can teach a better class in Peru, using good examples."	0
It has helped me in my academic activities for my post graduate degree	0
I am a student at Liberty Theological Seminary - I heard of this article on a podcast (The Briefing by Albert Mohler) and I thought it would fit in very well with a paper I am writing for my class. The Open Access to this article has helped me as the article is openly available and I was not expecting it to be so easy to find and cite.	0
"Researching the connection between pollutants, thyroid, depression"	0
I'm a undergraduate student in a research program in my University in Brazil. I would risk saying that half of internet publications is blocked to my country ( your IP adress must be north american or european to access most websites and articles). You made all the difference.	0
"Knowledge of recent literature on Romantucism,Novalis"	0
"it gives me the possibility to learn more about the world and ourselves, for private interest or academical purpose"	0
"I am a teacher of psychology at the high school level.  I love having access to primary sources, which is not something secondary level students in psychology often get to read.  Access to primary resources is an important part of recognizing and acknowledging scholars in a specific discipline."	0
"Sou aluno do curso de Psicologia da Universidade Federal Fluminense - Polo Universitário Rio das Ostras, cursando o 3º ano, e utilizei o artigo em questão como parte de material base para a apresentação de um seminário da disciplina Genética."	0
"Retired cell & field biologist, former educator, & last director of Columbia University's Earth Semester undergraduate program.  To keep up with my discipline as it opens new horizons (that we all knew surrounded us) is a full-time job.  I'm busier now than ever.  Thanks for providing access to important papers such as McFall-Ngai et al.'s"	1
I'm researching for a novel in which the remains of an ancient alien civilization is discovered on a lifeless world.	0
"I am the VP of service for a company that sells and services medical imaging equipment including x-ray, MRI, CT scanners and Ultrasound. I used this article to look at the history of radiation in the FDA, specifically because I can't find any modern references to the  U.S. Bureau of Radiological Health. This bureau was mentioned in a contract that I need to update."	0
Thank you very much for allowing free access to valuable research. Access to knowledge is a building block of a free society.	1
"I am a person Supporting Bernie Sanders, The only canadate in many years ready to support the country at its population level!"	0
"Currently doing research for a potential publication involving the monuments at Gettysburg.  To better understand the social and religious attitudes of a ""Good Death"" is invaluable.  Have found this article extremely thorough and has taken me to a new perspective in terms of addressing the why of Civil War monuments.  My sincere thanks."	1
"I'm a senior at Eastern New Mexico University perusing my a Bachelor's of Education. This is great opportunity because I get to use material that in other case I would have to pay for it, and it is very expensive!"	0
"The subject of this dissertation, pro-drop, is one that I've worked on extensively over the years. I have also recently done some work on Chinese syntax.  I have heard about this dissertation, and I've understood that it makes an important contribution to the theory of pro-drop, particularly radical pro-drop. It's a must-read for me and for students working on this subject. Excellent to have it available online."	0
I'm currently preparing an article for the WLIC in Columbus in August 2016. I'm interested in the raise of serial scientifc publishing. This article is really relevant to my topic and I thank you for making it available.	1
"I am a student studying Healthcare Administration at Saint Mary of the Woods College and I am looking for quality, scholarly articles about job design for a human resource management course."	0
"I am a retired senior who has had a lifelong fascination with science, including anthropology and the evolution of man and civilization. Due to the particulars of my unbringing, topics of this nature were never encouraged in my family or by the educational institutions I attended. In the 1950's and 60's we were directed down the paths of business and manufacturing. I ended up obtaining a B.A. in Business Administration and went on to become bored and unhappy businessman in retail sales, and so, not a highly successful one. I've read narratives of my academic heroes who relate having had a parent, teacher, or acquaintance who stoked the fires of their ambition, opening the door into a wonderous life of adventurous discovery and intellectual satisfaction, but I was not that fortunate. I may be 67 now, and I possess no degrees or credentials that reflect my body of knowledge or my avid interests, but I have time. I have years to accumulate the knowledge and insights that I have hungered for since I was a teen. Most of the online sites that are repositories of the type of information I seek charge fees too exorbitant for me to afford. This is why Harvard Open Access seems almost to good to be true for one who can't pay $20, $30, or $50 for a single article or paper. I wish to add that gaining knowledge is more than just an ego boost for me, but I love to share what I learn with my family and friends, and have considered writing a blog as well. Thanks for this opportunity to share my story, and thanks for Harvard Open Access!"	1
We are doing a paper on the comparisons and contrasts between selective breed Belgium Blue Cattle and Transgenic Salmon and have to collate notes before we do so (I go to Rangitoto College in NZ). This was by far the best research I have found so far (it has been three weeks) and is a lot easier to understand than most other websites and articles I have found. So thank you	1
I haven't actually had the chance to read the paper yet. But I hope your paper will give me a better understanding of how people with my disability are viewed in other countries.	0
"Doing personal research on flow battery technology to see if it really can scale to grid level. Outside my professional work and of personal interest, but I like to read the papers and see how things are done in other fields. Thank you for keeping this open!"	1
"This contact that I'm having with Harvard College is increasing so deep my teaching model and kinds of learning and I'm making myself a better instructor and helping much more my students and people who follow my suggestions and I dream to be a model for them to be inspired, using what I learn here!"	0
I'm a writer on subject matter requiring the most up-to-date scholarly articles on science.	0
"Free access to their collections of resources, support my independent work in the tradition of learning, reflection and scientific discovery, about the identity of the human being as an holobioenergetical observable entity from different paradigms. Thanks for all."	1
"I am preparing my bachelor's thesis, on the topic of cartel detection. This seems like just the additional angle I had hoped for to make it a good work."	0
I am a grant writer for a Veterans service organization.  I am requesting funds to train service dogs for Veterans with PTSD.  Access to this article is helpful to strengthen the case for support.	0
Enables me to make progress on an unusual linguistic pattern seen in Plautus	0
"I'm a curious mind that didn't fall for astronomy until my mid fifties. I got started reading science papers about 67P Churyumov Gerasimenko to answer my questions about its ridiculously low density and albedo, oin 2014; since then I've built a telescope, learned most of the northern constellations and the Messier objects, and lately have plunged into a spiral of curiosity about Sgr A*.  I love looking at the sky knowing more and more of the science of what I'm looking at.  I'm interested in the Bones of the Milky way because it's so hard to know what I'm looking at, when I see it up there in the night sky; this looks like a way of learning what is where -- a map, a way of attaching what I know to a memorable feature of what I see in the sky."	0
I'm a graduate student of economics and I'm working on a paper about International Finance. I need to read new papers and obviously I don't have enough credit to buy all of the papers which I must read. Sharing these papers will help students like me to learn more and it's a great opportunity for us. Thank you.	1
I´m a permanent student	0
In our university students have to use credible articles for our citations but it's really hard to find such articles in an open access. That's the reason why DASH is really important for me.	0
This article outlines one of the missing links to my dissertation thesis in my field of PhD in clinical psychology.  I have used this article within my dissertation and will be speaking at 3 conferences in the coming year about my thesis.  Thank you for sharing this article.	1
High school student using the article to write a debate case for the National Debate Championships.	0
"I am an Emeritus Professor in the Department of Computer Applications , Cochin University of Science and Technology, Cochin, 682022, India. My areas of specialisation include fluid mechanics also. Currently I am working on vorticity."	0
"I´m EHS engineer certificating ISO14001, and my boss ask me to review SAC and the HIGG facilities module FEM 2.0"	0
"I am currently writing a book on the subject of rebound relationships and romantic alternatives. Access to this PDF helps me because most articles on the subject require purchasing through various journals and it is difficult to pay for access to the journal article as well as for permissions. I appreciate the fact that I can access this information via PDF, free, and maintain my budget for purchasing permissions. Thank you."	1
"Thanks so much for this access!  I have been doing yoga - on and off - since the 1970s.  I've always gone back to asanas, pranayama and meditation in times of stress, and have shared those benefits more often over time.  Now I am studying with Dr. Maden Bali - a Yoga instructor who is 92 years old!  still teaching most days all 8 'limbs' of yoga, still sharp of mind and strong of body.  I want this article to help him get his message across to his students."	
"At the same time, I have worked over 20 years now as a Guidance Counsellor in suburban high schools where we deal daily with the debilitating results of chronic stress and maladaptive coping on our students.  This kind of study validates using yoga and meditation as part of our treatment plans.  I've been working on getting this message out to our whole school board.  "	
"So thanks for your good work."""	1
"I'm a college student doing a research on early and late bilingualism and throughout writing my paper, I have visited this article for a thousand times. Thanks DASH!!!"	1
Helped me for my final in AP English in which I had to write a position paper on affirmative action.	0
"I am an assistant professor at the Department of Cancer Genetics Medical University of Lublin, Poland. My institution has no access to Nature. DASH enabled me reading very important article. Thank you."	1
I work with teachers of young children (0-6). Being able to use Harvard as a source helps us to make sense of the bombardment of conflicting information on the internet regarding best practices and policies for children.	
	
"Teachers, in general, are not well paid.  Preschool and daycare providers make even less.  Being able to access and share the vital information makes all the difference in the level of responsive care we are able to offer to children and their families.  Thank you."""	1
I‘m a researcher	0
Working on my capstone project to finish up my Master's degree in a couple weeks.  Thank you for access to this study!	1
thanks for dash!	1
writing bachelor thesis	0
"I am mid-process of a book-length project about my Jewish family near Kiev (1914-1922). Mother and six children were ""stuck"" at this historical period in Russian history while waiting to leave Russia to join her husband in USA.  I am now writing about years 1917-1918."	
"And because I am detailing the history swirling about this family """"stuck and paralyzed"""" by the events of multiple wars, this book you have made available to me on line is very helpful.  I am an academic by training and want to be as sure as possible of these historical matters."	
"So yes, thank you!"""	1
"While working for an Australian Senator I have had cause to investigate bias in decision making. This covers a range of social sectors, with the most serious implications centred on healthcare, and the suspected presence of groupthink/corrupt vested interests."	0
I am a latin professor at Mar del Plata University	0
I am a university scholar in latin.	0
Am writing appraisal of submitted PhD dissertation	0
"Without this wonderful, free access I would not be able to research an albeit obscure subject and I am very grateful to Harvard."	1
"I used this article to conduct academic research in the field of copyright education. It was very helpful that this article was available to include in the review, and it was easy to find. Thank you."	1
"I'm an undergraduate at a small liberal arts school that doesn't have satisfactory access to peer-reviewed work -- especially not anything MLA. I've recently taken an interest in the literature of the environment/ ecocriticism; a professor lent me Buell's ""The Future of Environmental Criticism,"" which has been seminal in my understanding of the field. However, because I'm starved of resources, I depend on open access and any other full-text works I can find online. So, thanks!"	1
"The power of sound to create, sustain, heal, influence, communicate, entertain, transform... and the list goes on and on, has been talked and written about; acknowledged, studied and used since time immemorial.  All this intrigues me and makes me want to learn more about it."	0
I was on the DASH site for work purposes and saw this article highlighted.  I studied ancient history in college and it just sounded really interesting.  Thanks for making it freely available!	1
Doing a research on corruption in the Pacific focusing on Foreign Aid	0
"I've spent the last 25 years as a screenwriter, working in both television and motion pictures.  I've recently started teaching and in the process have become more interested in long form projects, both fictional and non-fictional, that require a degree of research and even scholarship that one rarely encounters in Hollywood.  I've always had a strong interest in Ancient Mesopotamia and I'm looking forward to a more studied approach to the subject matter.  I'm not currently researching any particular story or subject.  But I am interested and very much distressed by the fact that the remaining ""ruins"" from this period are being routinely destroyed by the type of carpet bombing that is employed by the major powers in this region. "	0
"I'm addressing a group of business management graduate students about quantitative data collection.  Validity of instruments is of utmost importance here, but formal publications in the topic are hard to find."	0
"I am an environmental health practitioner involved in sustainable urban development. i work for AECOM - a multinational proffesional services firm in their Sydney office, Australia.   The interaction of humans and  the built interest is of great interest to me and a significant part of my day to day work involves working with developers and design teams to optimise buildings for improved health and well-being outcomes. Having information to justify health based interventions is critical to support evidence based design. Beyond the well documented benefits around occupant satisfaction, productivity and reduced absenteeism i am particularly interested in how better buildings contribute to the the broader wider public health agenda - especially how they can help in the longer term reducing prevalence of disease."	0
"I am a treatment provider of substance abuse services who often trains on addiction and trauma, drawing upon 30 years of clinical experience and devoted to lifelong learning in this field. Modern research in brian science and trauma recovery and resilience stand to help our field tremendously, but not if held in proprietary fashion by publishers. I am not currently active inan academic community and cannot afford multiple journal memberships."	0
"i am a retired industrial chemist. geneva university hosts me regarding their library, but finding a direct access is even simpler, more direct, wonderful. many thanks"	
"	1"	
I am a first year in college and using this as a means of reviewing for my Philosophy 110 final	0
"I am a Communication Design major, and am working on a research paper for my senior seminar course. My topic is early 20th century graphic design in China, specifically focusing on what influences western trends such as art nouveau and and art deco had on their techniques."	0
"It is sad that many great research articles are not accessible to a large public. I am student who currently has access to research articles through my school, but is happy to know I won't be prohibited from reading research once I graduate and do not have access to the journals my school is subscribed to. Thank you!"	1
Thanks for DASH	1
l have a keen interest in medicine and healing by natural (non-toxic) means and have been studying it for over 40 years.	0
"I am a mesh victim, in 1996 I had surgery to help little leaking with coughing or urgency from child birth like most women! I was told there was a quick easy fix,they did not tell me they were putting plastic polypropylene inside my body, this eroded thru my vagina,and when I went back he clipped part and scheduled a new surgery to fix it! Again I was not told that polypropylene was being put in just thought he was fixing it, and put new one right in with old one double trouble, pain started not long after, but thought it would go away then thought I had pinched nerve or scar tissue! Latter bladder infections many trips to emergency rooms ! When I asked if it could be mesh everyone said no bladder infection, latter thought kidney stones overy cyst back pain they thought Kennedy stones ! No one would admit could be mesh, I always thought it was! Over years more and more Er trips, then 2014 fevers started would ent go away , infectious Disese Doctor Dr.Camron Cover ran many test, thought it might be dentle implants had these removed had swelling in face to was infection thru bone and gums!  Fever never went way and more exzustion, I am to tired to tell all but fevers still here worse ,I have had headaches body aches in hospital twice this year for septis can no longer have sex with husband of 37 years with out horendouse painI have contracture vagina is shortend constancy pelvic pain like porky pines twisting got auto immune disease  first they thought lupus but Ana neg sent to rumatolgist thinks RA factor was 15 but fevers higher then normal for RA Rumitoid Athritis auto immune  I was high energy now do nothing can't sleep pain to intense , hate asking for pain pills, even when I have them save for worse times! Feel like I may not live much longer! If they don't get mesh out! But want the world to be safer for my familyand ones in the future! I wish they would make FDA take responsabilty and put people first fix 510 loophole and give victims what they need from manufactures so they can get surgerys, not knowing how many future surgerys and disability and auto immune, they are not being fare or right to injured we were implanted with untested polypropylene that is to be stored at temp of 77 degrees human body is 98.6 already where it degrades then infection from mesh bio films fever can be up to 106.4 on way to fire station from septis! How much does it degrade at that and I am allergic to heated plastic! Antiplatic shock 3 times working at plastic company 3 months, dr said could not work there because allergic to heated plastic, lots of bynadril after losing job! It's hard to walk sit Lay tears hit often can't do all the things I loved dancing ,boating horse riding,walking any distance driving painful numbness in hands fingers wrist foot pain and now my hip hurts anvagina but area on fire and feels like porky pines twisting pulling ripping!"	
"	0"	
This article has allowed me to gain access to more recent research in order to support my thesis for my research paper in a introductory neuroscience course.	0
I'm composer creating a computer algorithm to set Ancient Greek poetry to music using Ancient Greek music theory. Ancient Greek music theory is incredibly complicated and difficult to understand. This article is helping me to put the pieces into place.	0
"I was reading a mystery novel by the American expat (now Finn) James Thompson.  He uses (John) Connolly and (Andrew) Vachss-esque antiheroes, who use vengeance...a lot.  The least likely sociopath asked the protagonist to play a tango for a woman who had succumbed to her burns, received when the protagonist's car had been firebombed.  Got that?  Well, Finnish tangos are minor key and sad, not quasi confrontative, like Argentinian/South American.  So in my head began 'In enter Zeitgeist, die nun vergangen ist,' from the Dreigrosschen Oper.  Just wanted to confirm that it was indeed a tango.  Guess my mental associations are still working.  That's how I wound up here, after a few other entries that do not address tempo.  I will read the entire article later.....but the Finns have dangerous plans for their enemies, and that needs to resolve first."	0
I am using this to research urban air pollution in China for a university class!	0
"_ _______ ________ _ __ ____ ______ ______ _ _________, ____ _ _____ ______ _______ _ ________ __ _____ ___ __ __________. __ _ ______ _____, ______ __ _____ _____ ___ _______. _____ ___ ___ ____ __ ______ ____ ___ _________________ _ ___________ ____ ____________ ______. ___ _______ ______ _____________ __ _____ ____. _____ _____ __ ____!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	0
"I'm writing a paper on individualism-collectivism in the USA. The article has helped a lot, many thanks! "	
"	1"	
I am writing a paper for my class on the positive and negative effects of technology on relationships. This article helps me by giving me a credible cite.	0
"I plan a 30 minute radio feature vor Radio FRO, Linz, Austria. "	
about ultrfast clock speed computing. Originally this about superconducting 	
"computing, the NSA C3 project. But aren't excitonic circuits in the longer term a possiblity, too?"	
"This article doesn't support this idea, perhaps I will have to drop it, perhaps not.  "	
"	0"	
"My name is xxxx, and I am a certified clinical psychologist, neuropsychologist and psychotherapist at University of Debrecen, Hungary. I am interested in the field of trauma, and autobiographical memory, as weel. I am looking for tools to measure psychological phenomena in connection with this topic. I have a PhD student, and we are planning to start our research this year. Thank you for the article!"	1
"I'm a Brazilian Lawyer and I was reading Prof. David Dow's book ""America's Prophets"" where the article is cited. So, I googled it and came upon with it in DASH. Thank you very much. The article will provide a helpful source to my deeper understanding of judicial review and judicial activism."	1
Thanks!	1
"I'm a health care professional based in Melbourne who is keeping up to date with the latest research on diets, with a particular focus on soy and it's phytoestrogen content. I greatly appreciate this research being made public, as it's helping me provide my clients with the most recent knowledge straight from the source."	0
I am an attorney from Brazil and I research about the legal system in other countries to learn from it. I really think these articles are a great source of information and I am very thankful for the acessibility.	1
I head a group called Clergy for a New Drug Policy (newdrugpolicy.org) that mobilizes clergy nationally to end the War on Drugs and seek a health not punishment response to drug use.  Just spent three days in Vancouver visiting Insite and am now writing an article for mainstream faith magazine(s).  The piece you have published is extremely helpful.	0
"When I read the book, Our Kids - The american dream in crisis, in 36p just want to know the fundamental facts. So i search about like this."	0
"I am trying to improve my running.  This work largely involves stride improvement.  My hypothesis is that my best stride is baked into my bones.   My attempts at stride improvement lie in trying to tap into my early man psyche and remember how my body was created through evolution to run.  The article was an amazing addition to my thought process and really a nice way to think about how speed changes can change my body feel and the relative energies expended.  I often run with my dog, a sight hound.  Sighthounds were one of early human's most effective tools in the killing of game.  My dog's ability to sight, kill, and retrieve small game far outstrips my own, in fact it's his reason for living.  Yet his struggles to change speeds from his optimal trot compared to me are evident.  He pants and struggles at a fast trot more quickly than I do.  This phenomenon helps me see why early humans were able to use running itself to kill animals thanks to the advantages of bipedalism.  The one thing that my dog does when he is running best is that he is not thinking about how to do it well, he just lets it happen.  For me, not thinking about my running while running is my greatest challenge.  Perhaps I would be better at it, if I did it for my daily calorie requirements."	1
professor emeritus economics	0
I'm a prospective graduate student working on a project for a writing sample... I graduated back in 2013 so I no longer have academic access to journals. This is an excellent resource for me and anyone else engaging with academic work who doesn't have professional connections!	0
I'm taking a HarvardX course and need to read the paper (below).  I'm also an independent researcher studying Iron Age and early Medieval Textiles.  Without Open Access and other sites like it my studies would be impossible.	0
"I'm a social work student learning about health, illness, and healthcare."	0
"Thank you Harvard! You are among the very few universities tat publish PhD Dissertations in open access format. I'm a recent PhD student in the Netherlands and come from an interdisciplinary background. To better position my dissertation within existing academic traditions, I spent the good part of today trying to find dissertations online."	1
"Harvard Business Review educational publications has helped me immensely, in completing my research work on CSR, Corporate Governance."	0
"I work for the Regulator of Telecoms in Chile, my background is Telecoms and Education and ICT. We have been asked to come up with a proposal to discuss Internet Governance in Chile, in the context of the digital agenda."	0
I am a post-CABG patient with shoulder pain.  Access to this article was very helpful.	0
"I am a Adjunct Professor at Dickinson College and teach undergraduates ""BioMedical Ethics"" - this article helps my students appreciate the ethical issues inherent in the hospice option  "	0
"Please continue to make scientific articles publicly available.  I research health science, but I constantly run into paywall blocks, where another site wants me to pay $40 or whatever to read an article -- even where the underlying study was funded by taxpayer dollars.  It is astounding that this occurs; it is a significant inhibitor to scientific progress.  Your site is an invaluable resource to scientific development."	0
"I am a PhD specializing in auditory processing. I teach and conduct research at Berklee College of Music. Our library cannot afford subscriptions to the many peer-reviewed journals that I must reference. My alma mater (McGill University) has cut off library access to graduates. Without the generosity of Harvard DASH and other Open Access platforms, I would be cut off from the science community. A thousand thank yous!"	1
Open new venues of  scholarship	0
"I am a neurologist and diligently, developed an interest in studying the fascinating thalamus and its relationship with consciousness."	0
"My graduate educational psychology class at the Univ. of Hawaii Manoa [Models of Cognitive Learning] recently viewed the documentary Most Likely to Succeed in two increments. Following each we had lengthy discussions about the implications of the project-based learning model that characterizes High Tech High in San Diego. We discussed the likelihood of long-term benefits of project-based learning vs. a more traditional high school education - partly based on the students in a Colorado school who resisted the shift to project-based learning because they were more interested in high scores on their high-stakes tests for college entry. Thanks to one student in my class, who accessed this dissertation as a follow up to our closing discussion to the HTH documentary, we are all able to connect more of the dots about models of engagement for high schools. As a result we realize that a key part of the ""big picture"" is the animated commitment of parents to their children regardless of what school their child enters for high school. Parental support is critical. Without it, places like HTH might be less effective than they are. Add to that the choice of the adolescent and it seems that educators and parents may be closing in on three robust variables - project-based learning, parental involvement, and choice of the adolescent (even if not accepted into a project-based charter school). "	1
"This is wonderful, I've been waiting for a resource like this one!"	0
"As an employee who does not work in the office of policy development and research and can't afford to subscribe to all the various journals, this access is crucial to the work I do in the area of civil rights."	0
"I'm a psychology student in the Netherlands interested in the workings of altruism. I started someting of a research project of my own to find out what we, as a society, can do to help develop and spread altruism in people. I dream of a better world, filled with people realise the importance of mutual goodwill and the strive toward a balanced coexistence with our natural surroundings. Empathy, and the willingness and potential to help on a global scale, are key to achieving that dream. In my own way I hope to contribute to it with this side-project."	0
"Having access to research information on career pathways is invaluable to a small nonprofit like us. To see what is being done elsewhere, best practices and how communities can come together is a model for moving forward."	0
"Helped with articles that i'm now using as part of my references to conduct a research on Ebola survivors, looking at the need for psycho social support."	0
"mum of 5 international adoptees and 3 biological children,passionate about adoption."	0
"I am an external PhD student: most of my work I do from home, with limited access to libraries. Lately I have been exploring a new model to describe publishing Open Access Monographs. This article provides an important foundation, and accessing it directly saves a lot of time and trouble."	0
"I am quoting this article in a scholarly article I am writing on Toni Morrison's novel, Home."	0
"I'm a Human Resources teacher that needs research to support positions taken in class and access to this sort of research and article free of charge, this is of huge benefit to myself and my students. Thank you"	1
Soy profesor  e investigador en Venezuela. Por políticas del gobierno comunista no podemos tener accedo a divisas extranjeras. ello sumado a los bajos sueldos hace que tengas acceso muy limitado a las investigaciones foráneas. Estos artículos son muy importantes para nosotros y contribuyen al desarrollo de nuestras sociedades.	0
I am writing a final paper analyzing the efforts of the security council for international peace and security	0
I am a graduate student in a public policy program. Having easy access to such high quality academic research is a great boon to my ability to develop a better understanding of human behavior.	0
"I am an historian and philosopher of science.  I specialize in scientific controversy, especially in those in modern Earth science.  I wrote (Cambridge 2012) a 4-volume work on the continental drift controversy and rise of plate tectonics.  I've now become interested in the controversy over Neoproterozoic pan-glaciation.  The Harvard website on snowball Earth and this website a wonderful aide in tracting down and getting copies of key papers. This is especially nice for me because I retired two years ago, and have less access to journals.  Moreover, websites ease the task of getting needed papers enormously.  Since getting these papers is for historians analogous to doing fieldwork for Earth scientists, I can now do much of my fieldwork without having to go out into the field, without getting interlibrary loans. and trips to libraries"	0
"I am a post doctoral research fellow. You have made articles necessary for my research concerning vestibular, cognitive and affective issues are easily obtainable, and I very much appreciate that."	0
Geometries describing isothermal properties of corrugated graphene sheets.	0
"Thanks a lot for such exclusive chance to learn from this resours. I'm from Russsia and in my university we don't have anything simular, so it's rather hard to find veritable information resources."	1
"I am a french urbanist, very fund of Edward Glaeser. His ""Triumph of the city"" is a very strong and relevant book. I quoted him in my own books about Eco-urbanism."	0
"Writer, have cited Jacobs' scenario in previous books, (The Numbers Game, The Synthetic Beast, The System) all by Red Ear, Toronto. All out of print now but an updated version of The System is on line at www.andyturnbull.com. Planning to cite it in another, not yet titled. Will reference “Cities First” Model and Archaeological Reality, but I still like Jacobs. One problem that I see is the definition of a 'city.' Jacobs sees any settlement that produces goods other than farm products as a ""city' (she gave me hell once for describing a'craft village as a ""village,"" but your authors seem to think a city includes ""monumental architecture"" and ""record keeping"" -- both of which I would relegate to a later stage that I call the ""occupied village."""	0
"I am a nursing student from Sydney, Australia. I needed information about Vaccine-Preventable Diseases and the effectiveness of immunisations for the community for a report I had to write for an assessment. I came across this paper and got some useful information that I hadn't seen on a typical government website."	0
"I am a researcher interested in the relationship between a democratic polity and a market economy. My aim is to understand emergent countries such as Mexico, although not exclusively. My perspective is comparative. This article is superb and illuminating. I am am deeply grateful to DASH."	1
"I am a high school student whose primary interest in life is happiness after having suffered with chronic health issues (gut problems, headaches, exhaustion, allergies, etc.) for the entire beginning of my life.  Having access to scientific material allows me to make the best decisions for my health based on the latest data, as often the mainstream systems for health are influenced by industry, politics, and general lack of speed."	0
"I am a poor person that cannot afford to hire an attorney. My neighbor is suing me claiming to have an easement over my land. I have discussed it extensively with the land surveyor and with the attorney that did the closing when I bought the property and have been told that there is none. The other party owns more than 20 properties and is spending in making up alleged damages, etc.  I like to read, and by now got in the habbit of reading about the law that pertains to my case. Both the actual state law pertaining to easements as well as case law on that. I like to go to Google Scholar for my searches. Many times the searches lead to HeinOnline which only makes available the first page, unless I pay. I can barely make ends meet, so I can't afford to spend on that.  Now thanks to you, to the fact that you made the contents of your library freely accessible to the general public, I am able to actually read and inform myself about the law and it's effect on my life. If I am better informed, I can defend my rights better.  It should not be ever underestimated how important this free access that you provide is. I think it is a great contribution to a betterment of society when you help the public to be better informed."	1
"Having been in aviation for 45 years, this course material is being used to enable myself to be an effective instructor with young people interested in aviation as their career. I will not be charging any money for my voluteering to help pass along valuable information they will need. I started as a aircrcraft mechanic in the Air Force in 1973 and progressed to senior program manager for a large aircraft manufacturing company. As a veteran I will continue to serve our country in a honorable way."	0
Harvard DASH has helped me find vital research need to write my interdisciplinary capstone paper on  the importent roles museums play with in our society and how to build the museums of tomorrow with the aid of  Communications and public relations.	0
"The paper mentioned below will probably be cited in an article that I'm writing for the upcoming edition of the Cambridge Handbook of Evolutionary Psychology: ""Primate Behavior and Evolutionary Psychology."""	0
I am researching Herman and Chomsky's Propaganda Model and this article will help! I think it should be available to the whole world for free. Thanks for taking down the pay wall!	1
My doctoral Ethnography class is conducting a study of the Eastern Market in DC. I was searching for a theoretical framework to use as lens to view my findings and DASH has put me out my misery. Thank you DASH! Howard University PHD student	1
_ need to learn CVD for one of my homeworks for MS in GAZ_ University	0
"I am a college student who needs to write a research report on racial injustice in American institutions, and have found it enormously helpful to have access to academic writings discussing this topic."	0
"Hello, I am looking at material for a research proposal on science discourse and ELLs in middle school settings.  I am therefore interested in this article, as it pertains to measuring academic language;  however, I am developing *solutions*.  I am looking at practices, which help the ELL work on science discourse in ways that are not cognitively burdensome.  These practices need to give immediate agency to the learner, since there is too much catching up to do, to attain the vocabulary levels of native speakers by traditional means in one school year. Working with my students in an international school, I have come to feel that reading comprehension needs to be tied to ELLs writing in the genre, which in turn needs to be motivated by engaging in hands-on science activities and discussion about these. Referencing work on cognitive apprenticeship (Collins et al) I feel that reading, writing, discussing and hands-on activities are interactive parts that, when properly sequenced and managed by the specialist, will help ELLs take control of their learning - content as well as language.  I have already completed a masters dissertation in this area, and am looking to continue my investigations of the dynamics of these languaging interactions."	
"Allowing me to access high quality research helps me reflect on and improve my practice, as well as aim to do more research, before enrolling in a program and having paid tuition so as to access a database.  Thank you."""	1
"I am looking at different models of number estimation in children and adults. Dehaene is an author that I have seen cited on several articles. I could not get his article in any other journal, so I am really thankful that DASH allowed me to revise this source. It is very clearly written and highlights background knowledge of a complex cognitive process."	1
"The fact that ""Open Access"" is new and is seen as progressive is a reflection of how badly we have been doing science. I thank you Harvard for making DASH available but it should have been a given to begin with."	1
I am a afrobrazilian who first graduated in physics then post graduated in publci health and now am heading towards a doctor degree in anthropology	0
I am researching Joseph Rowlandson who was the only graduate of Harvard in 1652.  He definitely had behavior  problems as an undergraduate...posted an anonymous rant on the Ipswich church door...was found out and apologized.  I hoped this article might address this but bit didn't.	0
"I am accessing courses which are free for download or online enrollment that are related to Landscape Architecture, Town Planning, habitat restoration and all related subjects. I am a licensed California General Building contractor who has re-entered college because my work has taken a different direction. I have designed, built or sold more than 130 landscape renovation projects in the last 5 years and I am an award winning visual artist. So my new career will be Landscape Architect. I have just completed an A.S. in Sustainable Landscape and Irrigation Design, and have been accepted for Fall of 2016 into U.C. Davis where I will pursue a B.A. in Landscape Architecture. I also work part time with a local but internationally famous Landscape Architect, who is known in Sunset and other magazines, HGTV, and authored several books on the subject, and I learning what I can from his methods.  I am reading, studying everything that I possibly can that is available for free from other reputable universities, such as this ""Town Planning in the Trenches. I am doing this in order to fill my brain with as much peripheral knowledge from other universities while I am waiting for Fall at which time I will focus 100% on the U.C Davis curriculum. Thank you for making the information available."	1
Preparing my PhD Proposal about the effects of CSR on Banking Industry	0
"I am writing a book and developing behavioral interventions to promote brain health and flourishing. In exploring the topic of stress, I read ""The Upside of Stress"" by Kelly McGonical, who mentioned the research on stress mindsets by Alia Crum and Ellen Langer. I am familiar with Langer, but not with Crum and I wanted to read her original research papers, rather than rely simply on McGonigal's summary. I am not attached to a university and cannot afford to pay $35 for each research paper I want to read. I am always thrilled and grateful when important papers are made available for free to the general public.  I appreciate the need for people to get paid for their work, but broad, unrestricted access to information is so critical to fostering the an open dialogue that is grounded in research rather than intuition.   "	1
"I am a researcher and artist at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, British Columbia.   My creative directions are experimental film and computationally generative audio-visual installations.    The intersection between the database, the city, and generative art is important to both my scholarly and creative work.   My colleague and mentor, Prof William Uricchio of MIT pointed this work out to me.  I have just begun my review, but already the utility of this thesis for my own work is clear.  My appreciation goes out to the author for his ideas, and to Harvard University for making them available.   Thank you, both!"	1
"I am a retired professor (35 years in the academic setting, tenured).  I still try to be active in doing my own research and writing professional articles, blogs, and sharing information with my clients.  I  have my own company for women's leadership development.  Since I am no longer affiliated with an academic institution I cannot get access to scholarly databases to access good research.  The small community libraries where I  live do not have these databases available.  As an alumnus of Research I institutions, I do not have access to those databases either.  Since I do not hold an ""emeritus"" status after retirement, I do not have access to the databases at the universities where I taught.  Therefore, I am ""stuck"" with what I can find on the Internet and I know I am missing good research to support my continuing work in women's leadership development. The fees the publishers charge for access to an online article are outrageous and something I cannot afford. Knowledge should not be selectively limited in this way.  It hurts the individual, the community, and the society as a whole.  THANK YOU for DASH.  This truly is action that supports social justice and equality."	1
I am an independent researcher into the history of human social practice.  The value of open access in general and in relation to this particular article are as follows:	
1. Open access is critical to the effective practice of the Natural Science.	
"2. The article is important to my research. On the one hand it is an important addendum to the general theory of human evolution and on the other it may have some relevance to the history of human practice."""	0
First I am a foreign/second language learner. I am also a graduate student who is interested in research on second language acquisition for middle grades and secondary school students. I have found that learning academic language has been a pressing issue for students lacking sound academic backgrounds in their first language. The material in this article is very relevant to my area of interest. I will be using it as a reference for a study I am developing on academic language instruction for English language learners in middle and secondary school.	0
always pertinent information	0
"I am writing a satirical poem, thanking non-voters for not voting, this helped give my poem legitimacy. Thank you so much DASH!"	1
"I was able to access an article on Social Dominance Orientation, by Jim Sidanius, one of the most notable researchers of this concept. I will be using it to plan a talk to a group of seniors at a local Council on Aging, a talk on How to Make Sense of our Crazy Politcs: How Psychology Can Change What You See.""  "	0
"The Zittrain book was first required reading, and now a trusted resource as I build my own arguments."	0
I had wondered for a while how far back doping in sports went and was pleased to find Yu-Hsuan Lee's (Class of 2006) very informative paper.	0
"As a social worker continually striving to ensure that my practice is informed by research-based information and implications, I have immense gratitude to Open Access for making this knowledge and information available to all.  (Even those of us who cannot afford to purchase annual journals.)"	1
justice	0
Jim Rohn wrote that a formal education will earn you a living but self education will earn you a fortune. Tht's what this is for me.	0
"I have been voluntarily (somewhat) unemployed for almost a year. When a former colleague approached me about creating a new program for middle school students in one of the schools where I used to work, I decided to devote my free time to a research project to support some of his ideas in order to provide relevant source material and guidance throughout the actualization of our efforts. Though I am only half-way through the process, I have struggled a great deal to find easily accessible material; many of the books I have looked up at the library take weeks or more to get when I request them. Likewise, about half of the books I looked into weren't even available. It was a relief to find this material so readily available to the public, constructed in an easy to use format, provided by an institution I feel I can trust as a valid source and as a primary source since it is not an abstract like I usually find, it is an actual copy of the article for which I was searching. It renewed my sense of vigor for the project and saved me a lot of unnecessary time navigating and bypassing less efficient databases."	0
"I am working on a book comparing Sen's and the ideas of benefit-cost analysis that grew from Cournot's ideas about measuring the benefits of a bridge that produces no revenues that can offset its cost,&etc."	0
I am working in a Federal institution in digital preservation - I rely heavily on open access resources as I cannot have subscriptions to article databases through my position. This also keeps me informed of professional advancements in the academic community. Thank you so much!	1
I was able to prepare for a masters course during my maternity leave months before I even started. Saved me lots of stress!	0
"This was very helpful for my research. Please include more articles such as these, as I'm sure they will help someone in need, somewhere."	0
I appreciate any effort that helps to undermine current publishers monopoly which is crippling research worldwide.	0
Currently completing my dissertation and having access to articles helps spread knowledge far beyond what could be possible if this article were not easily available!	0
I'm a first year Ph.D. student in Biomedical Informatics inThailand. 	
This article helps me shape my future research methodological in digital disease detection. 	
Thank you very much for providing this article online !! 	
" """	1
I believe that the real life application is what gives the scientific research findings the true value.	0
I would not have otherwise had access to this article had your university not made it available. I aim to appropriately share this with colleagues I coach in improving their teaching strategies. I hope they will better understand the importance of engagement.	0
I am writing a research proposal for an Econometrics course.  My area of interest is the effect of income tax on asset investment for businesses.  I'm very appreciative of making this article available to me as a doctoral student.	0
"I am a Law Student from Brasil (Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina - UFSC), and I am studying  (taxes) Law and Economics for my masters degree. Brasil does not have a tradition on LaE, so I am studying scholars from other countries, especially from US. Many law schools from US, including Harvard, have open documents that are being very helpfull for my research, so I can only thank you for that."	1
"I am a Brazilian law student at Mackenzie Presbiterian University and am doing a research on animal rights. Here in Brazil the animals rights are not yet considered a relevant issue, so being able to read these articles without the need to travel (not that I wouldn't love to, but the dollar is expensive nowadays...) is amazing! Thank you."	1
I am a retired veterinarian who has been in a rural mixed practice.  I have observed a wide range of husbandry situations for food animals.	
"I am not sure exactly where I am going with this next, but I'm sure there is room for improvement as this article suggests, and with your permission I might use it to approach the Animal Welfare committee of the AVMA."""	0
Highly informative and interesting .Expecting more analysis of graphic pathographies	
"	0"	
"I like to spin wool and knit. I'm interested in how long ago people figured out how to make string and what they used it for. Interesting article, I am fascinated that the scientists found 2-ply fiber with an S-twist from 30,000 years ago. That's exactly what I spin, although I use raw wool."	0
"Thanks to open access, Havard DASH. Often many of the journals are not subscribed in most Institutions. This is especially true in developing countries. Open access allows these countries to spend their limited finances on developing infrastructure and avoids the huge repetitive expenditure on journal subscriptions."	1
One of my undergraduate students is conducting a research project on ant communities in a tropical lowland wet forest reserve area. The paper made available is very helpful for her to finalise her sampling stragegy. Thank you for making it available on open access.	1
I try to follow climate change stories and this one seem interesting to me.	0
"I am a neurology resident with an interest in the interaction of the immune system and the brain. I would not have been able to learn about cutting edge techniques without open access, especially while abroad and without access to my hospital journal network."	0
Writing a paper about someone who was/is a great leader class for a college course on leadership. I Thought Robert Oppengeimer would be a an excellent subject. Doing some research through the school library I came upon this article. It is tailor made for the subject!	0
"My professor assigns papers like these instead of textbooks, and it's saved his students a lot of money."	0
I am a PhD student researching on the use of open source software in high schools in NZ. I am only using articles which are freely available on the internet or in the library.	0
I am writing a research paper for a Global Health Policy calls.	0
"Saw a post, seeking personal insight re Hoarding. Email me at tpglawoffice@gmail.com. I am a hoarder - sub-clinical - only b-c I know its Hoarding -- worthless piles - deep piles "	
Awful - docs all say OCD - no its not OCD not my hoarding - its mental illness not OCD	
	
"Good article Huh!  """	0
Helped me understand some computations related to AdS/CFT that I was stuck with  !	0
I'm curious.	0
"Open Access gives me hope. Humankind has good ideas, good practices ... but they don't dominate the scene presently. OA is one good idea, one good practice. If we can just keep practicing those good practices, freely share the good practices, this world could be filled with joy and gratefulness. Thank you."	1
"I am a curious one. I looked for middle age astronomical tables, and found "	
"that some people had use a computer to reproduce them. And looking on the web, I came to this paper. Many thanks. """	1
I read: Pro-Resolving Maresins in Inflammation: New Pathway and	
Mechanisms With Oral Pathogens	
	
"WOW... this article blew my mind. THANK YOU for keeping this open. I'm very excited about the future of resolvins/maresins."""	1
Thanks for making this article open access. This paper by Chen and Pennock is an assigned reading for the CS 410/510 Markets and the Internet course I teach at Portland State University. It provides a great overview on the design considerations for prediction markets.	1
"I read the results of this study back when it was first published (though I thought it was in 2008) and it was one of the reasons that I left industry to become a teacher.  I wanted to help make personal finance a required class in high schools.  Having access to it now serves as a reference to the facts for my students about why it is important to learn about how to choose a mutual fund, a topic that many high school students have trouble caring about.  It also serves as a discussion piece for colleagues.  I have designed a simplified version of the experiment to do as an activity in the class.  It is not a required topic for the county, but the article points out the importance of it, which gives me justification for teaching it and gives the other teachers on my team a reason to consider doing so.  Thank you."	1
"I am a preoperative surgery patient with a very healthy microbiome trying to decide whether to follow instructions to take two, two-minute CHG showers the night prior and the morning of my surgery.  After reading this article, I believe the risk of infection -- perhaps more to others in the hospital rather than to me -- outweigh the risk of compromising my microbial environment. "	
	
"I applaud Harvard University for making this paper available, and I further believe that my story offers proof -- however minimal -- that having scientific information available in the public domain serves a far better purpose than allowing it to be traded exclusively between scientists and researchers."	
	
"The decision I've just made, to take two """"strongly recommended"""" preoperative antimicrobial showers with CHG, alone may help to reduce the cost and complexity of healthcare, however small that may be."	
	
"Thank you."""	1
research for HS class on conflicting evidence and scientific studies dealing with the safety of aspartame	0
I am conducting undergraduate research in psychology and religious studies. The availability of this scale is very beneficial to my work.	0
"This paper help-me strongly. I research the emphyteutic question in brazilian law and in comparated perspective taking several legal standards of european caountries. The central thesis of this article permited me to consider another dimensions of question. The creative ""break"" of numerus clausus is essential for legal justice in countries like Brasil. Thak you for maintain it avaliable."	0
Thank you for sharing this study.	
	
"I am a pastoral counselor and I lead a ministry for those who have put the trauma of spouse-loss, whether due to divorce or death, behind them.  Our ministry is focused on successfully engaging the world as one who is single-again."	
	
"The temptation I observe, and have lived myself in the past, is to fill the holes in our souls with another human being as quickly as possible.  I know from my own experience this is a poor strategy."	
	
I will be using the results of this story with my group to help convince them that waiting for the sadness to pass naturally works much better than selections made during the down mood.	
	
"Again, thank you for sharing."	
	
"Rev. Tim Fitzgerald, MA, LPCI"""	1
I wanted to understand the expansion of the Neolithic  farmers from Anatolia/Armenia. The article is perfect for that purpose and I would have had problem in accessing otherwise.  Thanks.	1
IS HELPING ME TO UNDERSTAND MY OWN ALZHEIMERS !!!!!!!!!  VERY EXCITED ABOUT THE WHOLE RECENT NEWS ABOUT THIS ROAD TO MY FAMILIAL DISEASE!!!!!!!!!!	0
"I am a Brazilian doctor and I'm developing a dissertation about the process of death among institutionalized elderly in my city, to understand as are the care of these patients in their last days and what can be done to improve the quality of the die these patients,"	0
I'm looking at investigating targeted pre-operative random glucose checks for patients attending our pre-operative assessment clinic.	0
"Thank you for an open access to this article. If all scientific articles were payable, a large number of students worldwide would have difficulties in accessing scientific resources they need to study and latest scientific information would become a privilege of those who could afford it. Such access restrictions would reduce the number of people who are familiar with the latest scientific research and thus in the long term slow down further scientific development, which is something we do not want, do we?"	1
"Although living in a remote area with little library access at all, being able to continue to peruse Harvard's unique collections means a great deal to me as a Divinity alumni.  I am particularly interested in subjects such as archaeology/anthropology, theology and history which are of interest to the indigenous communities I work among."	0
"Hi,"	
	
"Thank you for providing access via DASH. This enables me to pursue my specialism in a way that meets my practical intentions as well as research aspirations. Thanks again. """	1
I`m a clinical researcher on vaccines	0
"I'm writing a paper for a presentation in december 2016, about using an Ipad during speech therapist work with dyslexic children and youngs. I'm a speech therapist. Thank you for sharing your articles!"	1
"I'm an emeritus faculty member at Stanford, where I'm auditing a class for which this article is recommended reading.  It's important that all academic literature be available to everyone."	0
I'm using this article in my graduate seminar on Multicultural Research Methods	0
"I am a Canadian law student studying in Toronto. Open Access has made research far more equitable for those of us north of the border! For some reason there continue to be databases that we cannot access, and having this access has made my research that much more indepth and accessible."	0
I'm an online college student making my living as a substitute para-educator. I love reading research articles for fun and personal edification. Open access feeds my habit for scholarly literature without breaking my limited budget. In the past I've used Open Access articles as background research for courses or to investigate personal problems or goals.	0
I teach at a community college and was asked to give a presentation to students about stress during success week.  The ease with which I accessed this article allows me to show students the actual research design and methodology and reinforces the importance of using and citing references.	0
"I work at a public high school in Oregon, WI. The Department of Public Instruction in WI has issued a mandate that all students in grades 6-12 be engaged in learning and work they call Academic & Career Planning (ACP). Access to this text for our leadership team will help us to develop important background information and we may engage as a whole staff with a portion of the text via a close reading."	0
Research and follow up on the history of pathways	0
"And especially because as a bachelor student, there is no way on earth I would have gotten an access to it otherwise."	0
To read about my teacher's thesis and thus further my understanding of his already excellent and brillant point of view and relativise the material studied.	0
"My name is xxxx. I am living in the capital city of Hungary. I attend Eotvos Lorand University, now  I am in my third year at University. Now I am working on my degree thesis which is about economic growth path in the world countries since the 21st Century. In one chapter I would like to test the ß-convergence between 181 countries. But before I start it I would like to be aware of the history of convergence. Your study may help me. Thank you for the access!"	1
I am a graduate student in nutrition researching cancer for a presentation.	0
Open Access give me good information which open my mind regarding Faith in God and Human Health. Thank you for information.	1
"As someone who has very limited access to library facilities, having access to scholarly information via the internet is extremely valuable. THANKS!"	1
"Hello! I am studying for an ""Ecology of Microorganism"". We mentioned that sulfate might be produced biologically. We had an example of celestine and barit. I wanted to know more about how barit can be produced and how it is connected with gravitropism and found your article. Thank you very much!"	1
"As an undergraduate looking into doing research here at Harvard, being able to read publications by faculty members with whom I would like to work helps me to make an informed decision. Open access to articles published by members of the Harvard community helps me to make use of the opportunities here."	0
"I am an Inventor; heavily involved with the development of a technology to harvest kinetic energy from winds which blow at extremely high altitudes using extremely large and extremely sophisticated 'kites'.  One of the motivations to undertake this development is in response to my researched analysis that even a full, worldwide deployment of tower mounted wind turbines will not make a significant contribution to the complete transition away from the combustion of fossil fuels. "	
     Your article may shed further light on my perspective on this matter. 	
       Thanks	
"         Charles"""	1
hi	0
"I'm a PhD student. I could have accessed this through my uni database, but I'm glad it's only a click away for all scholars worldwide. "	
	
"Go open sharing of knowledge!"""	0
"I'm a long-time trustee of the Charles River Museum of Industry and Innovation in Waltham, Massachusetts, founded by my late husband, Michael Brewster Folsom.  I'm now Chair of the Board.  Dave Unger was an intern at the Museum.  We loved him, and we are excited to see that his scholarly work is published.  We would like to have him come back to the Museum to give a talk, or help us with exhibits, or offer his valuable advice in any way."	0
"I am Jane, and I am 17, and preparing for my Leaving Certificate in Ireland.  I found this article -Suleiman, Susan Rubin. 2012. Irene Nemirovsky and the ''Jewish"	
"question"""" in interwar France. Yale French Studies 121:8-33 -"	
"when I was researching for my History Project.  Leaving Certificate History students have to write a 2,000 word project on a topic of our own choice.  My topic is Irene Nemirovsky in Vichy France from 1940 to July 1942, and I find this article really helpful.  Thank you Harvard for Open Access."	
	
"Jane :)"""	1
"My name is xxxx; I born in Ethiopia & became Deacon in the age 7. I graduate studied in theology my 1st degree, MA in Philology & now a Ph. D. student @ Addis Ababa University, ETHIOPIA. Thank you for your cooperation !!"	1
"Generally a well-researched and -written article. not just quite sure whether we are not confusing ""typhoid"" with ""typhus here."	0
"I teach alignment and posture. In addition to being highly interested in this arena, it supports what I do, so I can make reference to it in a presentation or a class."	0
"I am a regional educational consultant in southeastern Kentucky where indices of poverty, drop out and low achievement cry out for the promulgation of systems and practices that demonstrate the best effect size in student achievement. We are data driven and committed to those practices that demonstrate the best outcomes. Critical and often overlooked in this discussion is the quality of the data used to determine instructional impact. I read the study ""The roots of score inflation"" and immediately saw the relevance for the work in our region and as well as the work we do with the Kentucky Department of Education. It's a snowy day so I'm working from home and I stumbled on this article in a related Google search.  Thank you for publishing it so all who choose may read and benefit from it.  If Harvard's mission reflects its motto, then open access to scholarly articles embodies the ideal of truth discovered, shared and used for the betterment of humanity.  "	1
"I am a researcher in a developing country, with some access to journals through institutional access but not all. There is still a wealth of information in my area that I am unable to access. Particularly in new fields that have not been studied in developing contexts, it is difficult to get data from developed countries and advanced institutions to use as springboard for our own research.  In the past hour I have accessed about 10 journal articles, and my manuscript is already stronger, this would not be possible if i had to buy every single one of them. Open Access, open information is the way to go if we want a level playing field and even more rich and diverse discovery in science."	0
"Thank you for providing access to this paper. There is often a sharp divide between ""academia"" and the rest of the world, and I don't find that divide very helpful. Much of what I do straddles both worlds, and access to papers such as this one improves my understanding of current scholarship."	1
"I own this book. But I needed to find something in it quickly for a citation, and it is on a shelf on the other side of town. The ability to find it quickly on the web, and to use a text search to find the passage I needed, allowed me to verify my memory and properly cite the passage. This is how scholarship *should* work."	0
"I am using your access to write my undergraduate thesis in economics, focusing on the GM bailout."	0
just discovered a great resource	0
"I intend to use this study in my Environmental Epidemiology course regarding the etiology of cancer.  In particular, it is important to show how relevant telomers are to diagnosing risk factors."	0
"I downloaded the pdf,  it is very important to me,Thank you!"	1
"I'm lone wolf developer fiddling around NLP. You paper, maybe soon papers, help fight boredom."	0
Thanks for giving me free reading material! I love you Harvard	1
"Thank you. I heard a report of Ellen Langer's research while listening to a presentation by D. Chopra and A. Weil. They talked about it as placebo response; I found the discussion of the importance of ""mindset"" useful to me for the following reasons. I am a psychiatrist and have started teaching mindfulness-based stress reduction in a nursing home in Maryland."	
"To underscore the value of the work we are doing I think Langer's research is clear and easy to understand as well as helpful to illustrate the """"power"""" of the mind. I googled the study and your site came up. Thanks so much!!"""	1
I have Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome and I was doing a project on it so I could get extra credit.  	
	
"Thank You! :)"""	1
"Hello,"	
	
"Your open access platform has allowed me to gather information for a research paper that will focus on Brazil. I am an undergraduate and appreciate that this article is made available to students and others just alike."""	0
"I got to read stuff for free that other journals usually have a paywall in front of, society progress when good information is easily acessible, that's why the internet has work wonders for the world. Thanks Open Access."	1
"I am a therapist, recently having completed my Masters degree. As a graduate, I found that much of my access to academic sources was limited or cut off completely. This has greatly hindered my ability to continue my own research and learning. I have been incredibly grateful for Harvard's Open Access, as it has allowed me to pursue my research in this period of time in which I am not connected to an academic institution."	1
"I am an ecologist with a PhD; nevertheless, like a growing number of my peers, I am not employed in academia and I do not have direct online access to a university library.  I am currently writing a book.  With articles often costing $35 apiece at academic journals, the cost of my research would simply be prohibitive if it were not for open-access journals.  The old model of charging readers to purchase articles is broken and would not produce a society that we wanted in any case; the more modern model of charging authors a reasonable fee to help defray the cost of publishing articles (and subsidizing those costs when possible) makes sense."	0
Read for general information. A lucid rehabilitation of MSG's reputation. (I love the stuff.)	
	
" It ought to accompany all those Chinese menus slipped into NYC apartment mail slots. """	0
"Open access made available to me material that otherwise would be blocked behind a paywall, useful only to a select band of researchers and institutions. The twin objectives of research viability and wide access must be met through more such initiatives."	0
"I am a retired school teacher who has taken up writing as a hobby.  I decided to write about evil after realizing that TV news these days is mostly taken up with evil events.  I am at the stage of researching 'greatest evils' and realize secular views and religious views probably differ, but with overlaps."	0
"Found Paper on DTI brain imaging. I am a patient with advanced HNPP which is not well understood, diagnosed or treated. Thought to be a peripheral nerve disease, I also have central and autonomic dysfunction. I live locally, have family members in medicine. Ironically, a childhood savant ing electrical engineering/computer science, worked for the company that supplied GE with the first CAT scan and MRI computers. Never heard of DTI, but well aware that MRI raw data can be processed in many ways not currently used. Often thought if I had the raw data I could paint a different picture. For multiple reasons, someone in research should take a look at my brain with DTI."	0
"As a student who pays a large percentage of my income every year on books and literature for class, I really value open-source articles and any free educational material. I love learning and occasionally feel limited because of my finances. THANK YOU!"	1
"I'm a 3rd year student at Swansea University (UK) researching the relationship between pitcher plants and the inhabitant bacteria of their pitcher fluid, with emphasis on sarracenia and nepenthes species."	0
"My curiosity about Truman Capote's Black and White dance led me to this thesis about a proposed museum exhibit. What a fabulous paper! So much consolidated information about the ball and its attendees interwoven with its impact on, and reflection of, a changing American society in the 1960's was to be found here. I would visit this exhibit! Brava!"	0
"My story is the same as that of all students, researchers, health workers, etc. that seek to keep informed and updated, particularly when living in a developing country: Thanks to Open Access it is more probable to be informed and updated, and this has positive consequences for the people that benefits from our work."	1
"I am building a Program for the Junction Neighbourhood Centre Maroubra, NSW, Australia. This program is an Indigenous look at Social isolation in the Community, however all Socially Isolated People are welcome. This article will enable me to demonstrate to participants that historical and contemporary events have far reaching and sociological outcomes. That sometimes we do react to the external environment, resulting in social withdrawal. This article will enable me to trigger stories within the participant group. The participants may be social isolated but definitely not alone. We can explore why people in disadvantaged communities do not follow those from higher socio economic communities. We can explore why one group emerges and another retreats."	0
"I'm a consultant in the legal libraries  services sphere.  Open access has been invaluable for me to gain information not behind a pay wall.  I'm able to access very quickly an overview or in-depth information on relevant topics to prepare for meetings, research and write legal blogs, work on client projects. Thank you for making this possible!"	1
Needed a definition of the term and found this article online. Thank you so much for allowing access to a novice researcher!	1
"I spent many days looking for this work, and it had been frustrated because of most research data websites asked me for money to access. I am from a developing country where most undergraduate students do not have the chance to pay for scholar books. Thank you so much for open access. This kind of initiative broaden people's opportunities to learn and qualify our knowledge."	1
"This will be of great help to the students in my course, ""Studies in American Society."""	0
I am a doctoral student examining the role of SDO in the lives of African American males in America.  I don't yet have a story to tell but I am willing to share my story as it progresses.	0
"This will be the first time I share this article with students for my lectures; I worked (I'm retired after a recebt stroke) with diabetic patients in ISSSTECALI, a state goverment social security for municipal and state workers. And remained as a teacher at the School of Medicine, this article is a fascinating evidence of the advances that are taking place in medical research. The central aspect of the class will be Diabetes, the metabolic syndrome. Thank you in advance."	1
"I have long believed that MSG was harmful. A recent story on NPR coupled with an article in this morning's Sacramento Bee suggested that MSG has gotten a ""bad rap.""  I googled it, and came upon this article.  I am very grateful Harvard made it openly accessible because it is a careful piece of research into an area of public policy.   Especially in this day and age (January, 2016) public policy has been driven by non- or even anti-scientific interests.  The more of this kind of work you make available the more I think you are fulfilling a public trust to inform public discussion.  Thank you!"	1
"I am an online editor requested to review, edit and revise scholarly and academic papers. Clients pay for the editing review and, if they cite sources within their papers, I will check the source for many reasons. Sometimes I check to see if the spelling, or title, is correct; other times I check to see what type of writing they are referring to (ie., article, book, news' broadcast journal, etc.). I am also a certified teacher for grades 4 - 12."	0
"I am a current Senior at Indiana University of South Bend. I am currently designing an experiment around the ""IKEA effect"" and find the use and open publication of this article most helpful in my endeavours."	0
"Open access articles have been so beneficial for me over the course of my academic career. I have had the privilege  of studying at universities for five out of the seven years I've been studying, which makes life a lot easier in terms of accessing articles, but for the other two years, when I did not have these access privileges afforded by being a member of an academic institution, it made developing my knowledge and ideas so difficult. I believe that education is a right, not a privilege, and thus that knowledge should be available to all, regardless of economic background, nationality or any other social variable. Everyone should be able to access the knowledge they need to empower themselves."	0
I am currently studying for an MA degree...This is a topic I am interested in	0
"I am researching for a thesis research assignment.  My choice of research is Integration of immigrants from gender segregated countries and religions into Western culture.  I would like to take the point of view of women, but I am still in the research stage."	
I am thankful for every article published on the subject. Unfortunately there are not many.	
	
"I think that we do not have enough resources, teachers, etc. to teach immigrants and to focus on a completely new issue.  Stigmatism and bias is the norm, but we are responsible for these immigrants and I also believe that we have to teach to be understood and to prevent problems.  But most of all - it is important to find ways to make immigrants self-sufficient, and the first step is to teach Western culture.  How else could we expect for the immigrants to feel safe, accepted and how can we feel safe and accepted - if we don't understand or even know of other cultures and teachings."""	1
"My great grandfather worked at the oil refinery in Limanowa (Poland, then part of Austrian Galicia) to save up money for the trip to America for his sister and him. He had to walk about 9 miles from home to get there.  Thus, I wanted to learn more about his former employer and the sacrifices he made to get to the U.S. and I know little about this industry in Poland."	0
"This access initiative is great as articles have become increasingly costly to access, excluding knowledge from those who would otherwise not be able to afford it. It also provides the opportunity to do comparative analysis."	0
I am writing a Master's Thesis via Penn State University regarding credentialing programs offered through secondary school-based agriscience programs in Pennsylvania	0
"I'm a Masters student at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London, UK, and I'm currently writing an essay on constraints to growth in Africa. As a success story, Mauritius is an interesting case to look at, and I'm glad to have access to an article with as much good info for my essay."	0
"Open access made it possible for me to write a high quality thesis for my master's degree in Pakistan. Though I attended very respectable institution there, SZABIST, the programme was not funded well enough to give us access (digital or otherwise) to articles such as the one here at DASH. Many of my peers could not understand the difference between supporting their research with newspaper/ magazine articles, and peer reviewed studies. Thanks to resources like DASH I was able to get more mileage out of my Pakistani degree and gain a funded place into a prestigious PhD programme in London, UK."	1
I'm using this article for research for my debate class.	0
.	0
this sucked	0
"I want to better understand how Muslims have integrated into American and Europe, in order to be an more informed citizen when it comes to being for or against Muslim immigration to America.  Thank you."	1
This article benefits me in researching for a seminar about machine translation where I read about translation based on unification link grammar so this brings me the background knowledge I need.	0
"I teach medical ethics and this account ... not just in its origin but in its continuation ... is eye opening ... startling, really ... for undergraduates."	0
I'm considering this article for my Civic Media syllabus.	0
I'm researching an essay for a class on organ markets and wanted to use this paper as a source!	0
This paper helped me to get a clear understanding of angel investing. I am a practicing investment professional attached to a small investment boutique in Sri Lanka that focusses on managing stock market investments.	0
Hello	
"Thanks for making this article available. I am a leader in a Thomas More Institute course entitled """"Flourishing Lives: Caring for the Next Generation"""" and we are reading excerpts from Harry Frankfurt, """"The Reasons of Love"""" next week.  The Institute is 70 years old this year, founded in the 1940s by Montrealers with a curiosity for learning. Our courses are lead by three leaders who alternate guiding discussion among the adult students.  Ciao. xxxx"""	1
"I've been writing a paper about probe-based confocal laser endomicroscoy,and desperately need the article<Miami Classification for Probe-Based Confocal Laser Endomicroscopy>.I looked for it every website I can ,but failed. Today I tried the bing scholar, and got it surprisingly!"	0
Open access not only provides the information but accelerates adoption of innovative practice that otherwise would not be available nor accessible to less-advanced countries like ours. Improving patient outcomes via innovating affordable healthcare technology is our mission and open access to these type of articles accelerates development that otherwise would require a more costly trial and error activity which we cannot afford.	0
Faculty member at a small community college in the midwest.  Looking for information and research on embodied knowledge and tutoring.  Thank you for the access.	1
"We live in a society that takes research-driven data as more valuable than storytelling and personal experience, although the two often can go hand in hand. As someone who loves stories, I value the scholarship I find here, because it informs and enlightens the stories of my life and the lives of those around me."	0
I am doing research on the cost of driving beyond the direct costs spent by the driver in support of encouraging policies in my community to reduce VMT.  Having access to research from leading experts is a great resource.	0
"This is just a thank you note. I am a postdoctoral researcher in economics of cybersecurity and parts of this article is quite fascinating, educational, and instructive for my research."	1
I am a 27 year old male with diagnosed extremely severy crohns disease. My crohns does not respond to immunesuppressive therapy. So I am trying to find a way out on my own.	
Main symptom of my crohns is extremely high fever. I had to take 40 mg of prednisone to suppress this reaction but now I take methylfolate and can control my fevers much better than with prednisone.	
If you have scientists interested in this (from my point of view) amazing fact you can contact me.	
	
"Best regards Eugene Vynokur"""	0
I'm doing my Master Degree dissertation about political and electoral cycles at conditional cash transfer policies.	0
It is a very important article for the research I am currently engaged in.	0
"I am a nurse in a small local hospital.  I went to school to learn more about holistic nutrition.  I asked our housekeepers, mostly Hispanic, if they wanted any help losing weight.  I had talked to a couple of them about my nutrition education.  I was super excited to see if we could come up with something to help them on their journey of health. I am going to use this article to support them in getting healthier.  Thank you"	1
"As a highschool debater from a low-income, it dismays me to see ""purchase for $30"" next to university articles I know contain the necessary information I need. Education is a right, not something to be sold to the highest bidder. Thank you Harvard for actually enriching me academically."	1
Enabled timely access to a key document in the history of the development of bioethics for which I'm currently writing a lecture!	0
"This article articulates beautifully the need for civic education, particularly in disenfranchised communities. We drew on it for our petition to establish Arts in Action Community Middle School in East Los Angeles. (An Arts in Action elementary already exists). LA Unified School District staff asked us to cite references to support our claims about the gap in civic education and its relationship to gaps in civic participation in adults across different socioeconomic levels."	0
"I am only an undergraduate student, no obligations to do research of any kind. "	
Yet these initiatives allow me to freely find credible information online. Satisfying my thirst for reading while taking comfort that what i am reading has been reviewed by qualified peers.	
	
"This is a refreshing oasis amidst attempts to force students to pay more for hidden costs.."""	0
"I am Regulatory Science professional with about 2 decades of experience in the drug and device industry. I have recently transitioned from Industry to Academia - where I give seminars on Regulatory Strategy and FDA Engagement for Drugs and Devices at universities and also serve as an advisor to startup drug and device companies founded by university students. While working on a new approach to tissue engineering by a startup, I made a preliminary assessment of the regulatory strategy and then a did a quick research on any related publications. I was delighted to read your article as it supported my initial assessment! Thanks for the great work and to the University for Open Access."	1
"I'm a physician in an unrelated specialty who hoped to help my distant family deal with a child who overdosed on bupropion leading to termination of life support. The effects of seizures and sedatives (propofol et c.) on the EEG following an episode of malignant status epilepticus is germane to that decision, made by the treating physicians within 48 hours of the precipitating event. The burst suppression pattern has usually been interpreted to indicate poor prognosis for recovery."	
"More publishers should not put science behind a gate of paid entry. Thank you for sharing this data with the public. """	1
"I gather information about mental health, addiction and spirituality as part of my own recovery process and as a supplement to my former education as a pastoral counselor."	0
"I have the best possible access to scholarly sources because I employed full-time at a university. Still, it is so convenient to be able to browse full text sources when choosing material for my courses, or when helping students with research. I can only imagine what a service this is to independent researchers and the general public."	
	
"	0"	
"I'm writing a book that in part deals with climate IAMs and, as an impoverished writer, I can't afford to pay for every article and paper I need to read.  Thanks so much for making this available for free so I can do my job better."	1
"I am a teacher in the Chicago Public Schools. I was looking for an overview of Islamic food restrictions. Generally speaking, this is too difficult for my students to read, but I will be using excerpts from it as I help them learn how to approach difficult texts. Thank you for making it available-"	1
In my career track I have now moved into an Associate Dean position at my medical school.  Open Access has given me the opportunity to research and learn about areas of education and clinical medicine that otherwise would take time to achieve.  Thank you for sharing knowledge!	1
"I am a clinician working with Primary Care International (pci-360.com), a UK based organisation which supports integrated NCD management at the Primary Healthcare level in resource poor settings. We provide support through training healthcare workers , using pragmatic, evidence-based guidelines and an emphasis on clinical consultation skills , plus offering strategic support to facilitate change in the system within which the staff are working. The observations made in this paper are all too familiar.We are always open to discussion and collaboration with partners to further improve global access to quality healthcare."	0
"I'm part of a community-university collaboration that has been doing qualitative research related to the dropping out process. As I  not directly part of a university community, I have appreciated being able to access education research relevant to our investigations."	0
Needing to formulate theory re Care in policy and programmes of Primary Health Care within Community Development context.	0
Open Access lets me read related literature for my master's degree thesis.	0
"I am part of an HHS-convened working group revising the indicators Community Action Agencies track for their impact on civic engagement.  The work I am selecting, especially the decade long work of  Prof. Sampson, will be shared with local community leaders who lack access to journals and  lack budgets to buy articles if they could find them..Thank you."	1
Writing a paper on corporate duties within society. Thanks for making this source available.	1
"I am preparing a manuscript for a book chapter (for the foundation FESCOL in Colombia, it is in Spanish) on the relationship between the theory and practice of finance and the current views on long-run social sustainability. This article has been very useful for discussing the ultimate source of the modern financial theory attachment to particular forms of discounting. The list of references the authors provide has also been extremely useful. Thank you."	1
"Thank you for the Open Access system! Knowledge is more powerful when free, and you are helping it become just a bit freer."	1
I'm delighted to make this valuable essay available to those students of mine who can't afford the readers in which it has been anthologized. Thank you.	1
I'm working on an app to help consumers make better financial decisions. I like the article so much that I referenced it in my blog: www.decisionfish.com.	0
"I'm a Program Facilitator in ESL Department of a large urban school district that serves some 8,000 English Learners in K-12.  In troubled urban districts, we spend a lot of time chasing the next new thing. Re-reading Talib's _Black Swan_ reminded me that most new approaches will be wrong -- and that we have to as long a glance as possible to see what methods survived over time.  As he says, age is beauty.  I'm hoping this article will help my search for that history."	0
"I'm cataloging research on the various effects of tipping on society, viewable at http://reddit.com/r/EndTipping. I'm citing this paper as primary research."	0
"I'm an Irish psychology undergraduate student, and I'm hoping to develop a scientific understanding/method of community organisation to be used by the Humanist movement in Ireland, with an aim to putting the theories of Robert Putnam on social capital directly into practice. Using this article, I can formulate a plan to design a social organisational structure that will foster co-operation, good mental health, and altruistic action. I'm also a member of the Humanist Association of Ireland's chaplaincy committee."	0
I am a Masters student currently working on my thesis. I often cannot access articles that would be very useful for my research because my university hasn't subscribed to many important journals and outlets. The fact that papers such as this one by Grindle are made available for everyone empowers people all over the world to access great work and learn from it. Thank you!	1
"I'm reading about the mechanisms causing my father's chronic pain, so that I may--maybe--eventually understand enough to see a solution."	0
I am currently working on a report on overseas development cooperation for the Swedish government. The idea is to synthesize results from  the social science literature as a basis for policy development. The relevance of this paper to the problem of societal and economic development is obvious.	0
Excellent reading.  I have included it as an assignment in my undergraduate world trade class.	0
It has given me the opportunity to read articles which are meaningful and useful for my research as not all the learning institutions in my country have access to articles available through the Open Access by Harvard.	0
This stellar novel has given me the oppurtunity to further analyse the witches in Macbeth. This article that I read is an amazing article revolving around the aspects of witches in Macbeth. I am very grateful to Daniel Albright for creating such an exquisite piece of literature. I am using this article for further research in my grade 11 English class and it has definitely helped me a lot. Thank you so much!	1
"Opening brain, starting to study more and more."	
"Sweet!"""	0
"	Functional anatomy of the vertebrates : an evolutionary perspective"	0
	
" Thank you very much, indeed! """	1
Access to this article allowed me to refute a pseudo-historical assertion in a discussion on Facebook of early 20th-century America.	0
Thank you very much for making this available free of charge. Helped me very much.	1
This article presents original important empirical research that is closely related to something I plan to write.	0
"I am a recent graduate looking for a job. This article is authored by a person currently working at the company where I am applying. By reading the article and learning more about the background of this person, and possibly the company, I am able to write more relevant cover letters to market my skills."	0
"It makes things a lot easier.  I have a strong interest in certain research areas.  I am retired, relatively poor, and live on my social security.  I can't afford to subscribe to good science journals."	
	
"Mike Olive"""	0
"My name is xxxx, iam muslim, my country is somalia,  i graduate university of hargeisa facult of economics and political science. at this time i have preaparing master of developing studies"	0
I am a committed lifelong learner. I am very excited to find that Harvard has provided access to such as myself for scholarly articles on topics of interest to us. Thank you.	1
I'm lecturing taxation in STAN Polytechnic of State Finance Indonesia. Right now I plan continue my degree to postgraduate (Phd/Doctoral Scholarship) program also finding fit supervisor who is common interest taxation (value added tax) to develop my country.	
"it is so right now finding source of Taxation Research from Harvard."""	0
"I learn in BSU (Belarus), and this paper will be important for my coursework and may be further. I would like to thank you for this access, i will use it."	
"I am proud to learn anything from university being on such a level!"""	1
I'm editing a forthcoming illustrated history of the University of Glasgow Library and found this article useful for its detailed citation of a study that could throw light on one aspect of our Library in the eighteenth century.	0
"It has been of tremendous sources of scholarly information for my need for research information, more so because of its free of cost condition."	0
"I'm a currently unemployed researcher. Being unemployed and without access to the typical research network makes open access more than a boon. It's practically a necessity for me to actually continue my work in any sort of capacity. While there is an argument that my existing ties to other research colleagues would allow me similar access, it incurs a cost and only serves to circumvent the problem without solving it."	
	
"Hopefully, with the help of this open access article, my own work is more likely to published."""	0
"I am a parent of a middle schooler with autism who greatly wishes to participate in advanced math. Her current IEP math goal centers around solving multi-step word problems as it did last year, and while I have seen some growth I believe additionally strategies must be used to help her access the curriculum she desires."	0
I am a lawyer from Brazil doing research at Sorbonne. I am working in a paper regarding to the Corporate Opportunity Doctrine and this paper will be of a great develop of my studies.Thank you for kindly shre the open document with the legal community.	
	
Best regards	
	
"xxxx"""	1
"Charles S. Maier was, as far as I know, a teacher of my professor in political science, Ellen Immergut. I did buy his Leviathan 2.0 last year and wanted to go back to this earlier text, and it' s amazing. Full stop."	0
"I am a social work practitioner who works with self-injuring clients. I appreciate open access because it allows me to stay abreast of research that can improve the care I provide without spending exorbitant amounts of money I do not have. Scholarly information should not only be accessible by the wealthy elite (which includes almost no social workers,) especially when this knowledge can benefit some of the most vulnerable among us."	0
"I am a journalist, researcher and alternative publisher from Goa, India, and a long-time supporter of Creative Commons, GNU-GPL and other sharable licenses. Despite being in alternative (book) publishing myself, ours is a tiny operation, and we find access to international reading material very restrictive and hard to come by. It was a pleasant surprise to find this work shared online. I'm sure it would shape my perspectives as I go further along in my research on the history of the book in 20th century Goa (a Portuguese colony for part of the period)."	0
"This paper was helpful in understanding forward-looking applications that use graphs.  It's important that government funded research is made accessible to the public.  For me it provides insight and inspiration in STEM field.  It also provides a view into how research starts to become commercialized, a critical step that is often hidden from the general public."	0
"I'm a graduate student, who happens to be on sabbatical from teaching at a public high school in Portland, Maine."	0
I`m a russian student from Nizhny Novgorod. 	
Sometimes I`m searching for new interesting information in different subjects. 	
"I`m a choir conductor but I`m also interested in mind structure, cerebration."	
Sometimes in russian versions of american books I see references on other works but I can`t find them in Russian. So I`d like to have access to the sea of interesting books and researches.	
	
"	0"	
"I stumbled upon your report titled: ""Anticipating One's Troubles"" and was pleasantly surprised when the uploaded page was not immediately prompted with a Harvard University login screen. Education, by my estimation, serves as a powerful equalizer for anyone blessed enough to have it, and wise enough to use it."	
	
My research question on human expectations is apart of my final paper in my Justice and Peace Studies course here at Georgetown University. Understanding expectations allows us to better address the barriers between our current society and a society that prioritizes peace.	
	
"This model of opening academic knowledge to the world showcases a bold step forward for humanity. With this research, researchers from multiple fields will have more literature accessible to furthering their desire for new solutions and ideas."""	0
"I work at a La Salle Charter School in St. Louis. La Salle Charter School differs from many other charter schools in St. Louis as we support our middle school students throughout their educational journey. Our Graduate Support Program assists our graduates and their families with: applying to and affording high school; staying in high school and graduating; applying to and affording post-secondary education; and persisting through graduation or certificate completion. This ongoing support is vital, because, “in 21st century America, education beyond high school is the passport to the American Dream.”"	0
"I am a senior in high school taking the Biomedical Sciences track. For my final project this year I must create a research project, which will include me creating my own hypothesis to test throughout the school year. For my project I am taking Caddy's research and doing a spin off of it, by attempting to link high or low power posing and the effects on heart rate. I got the idea from the TED talk: Life Hack series, because my all time favorite episode is by Amy Caddy, called “Your Body Language Shapes Who You Are.”"	0
"My fifth great-grandfather, Heinrich Hasperg, was the secretary to the duke of Wolfenbuettel, and assistant director of the Herzog August Bibliotek at the time of Leibniz.  According to a catalog of the correspondence of Leibniz, Hasperg wrote to Liebniz from the Hague, Paris and London.  The correspondence touches mainly on literary news, on purchases of books and manuscripts, and also mentions the dispute between Leibniz and Newton.  I am interested in learning more about Leibniz and his relationship with my ancestor."	0
"I am a PhD candidate in higher education leadership at the University of Massachusetts Boston. My research concerns the cultural transition to college for first-generation, low-income students, specifically the culture associated with socioeconomic status. It is important that I address the Culture of Poverty as it relates to my research questions and findings."	0
"I am a physician engaged in the arts, and am curious to learn how Drs. Katz and Khoshbin relate Van Gogh's illness to his self-expression through art"	0
I am using this dissertation as a source for the Sellmeier coefficients of titania. I need to use the wavelength dependent index of refraction for a homework assignment.	0
"This article was not available in the Columbia Library system. When I queried google scholar, it came up that it was openly available through Harvard open access."	
I would not have been able to access and read this article if not for the free access. Thank you!	
"	1"	
"I was looking for the book ""Secrets of the Vajra Body.""  Just heard of this as a published title, but apparently out of stock."	
I am a licensed tantric Buddhist spiritual doctor.  Since 1985.	
I have received comprehensive cycles of tantric transmission in both the Tibetan Nyingma and Tibetan Kagyu lineages.	
"In my own ( completely non-academic ) way I am a tantric Buddhist scholar, psychologist, and wizard.  I meet a true professional standard for my work and I always search out the every best teaching materials for western students."	
"Since like almost all western Buddhists I speak no Asian languages such as Sanskrit, Tibetan, or Chinese, I am utterly dependent on translations."	
Medical tantra is of highest and central importance to my study and practice.	
"I began doing kundalini yoga and tai chi, very clumsily, in 1980."	
Over the years I have received many teachings on ancient healing traditions.	
In a very real sense I am an ethnomedicine specialist as well as wizard-psychologist.	
I have for example the very rare Tibetan Yuthok medical tantra transmission-authorization and practical teaching.	
Also very substantial teachings in 3HO kundalini yoga and Taoist chi kung.	
"This piece of scholarship """"Secrets of the Vajra Body"""" is a true breakthru and most useful."	
"Until very recently, almost no Tantric Buddhists in the West had functional teaching materials of this kind."	
"At the same time, a vast set of authentic practice cycles for kundalini yoga and chi kung have been openly published in English."	
You have generously provided an enormously important service.	
Many will benefit.	
And now I wonder what other good stuff you have.	
A close friend and student of mine is an M.D. physician-graduate as well as tantric Buddhist.	
She'll be very happy to learn about this text. 	
"Thank you!"""	1
"Because of open access, I have been able to research and publish articles related to the possible causative relationship between Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosi (MAP) and ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. The availability of my open access articles free online has facilitated the dissemination of my ideas not only to the scientific and medical communities but to individuals affected by the inflammatory bowel disease epidemic, including the families in Forest, Virginia and Plains, Montana who allowed me to publish reports about the IBD outbreaks in their communities."	0
"My 21-year-old son was recently diagnosed with a mental illness. We are only three months into the diagnosis process, but his psychiatrist is considering Bipolar or Schizophrenia. They also believe he located somewhere on the autism spectrum. "	
	
"I recently watched the special on the brain with David Eagleman. That's where I learned about TMS as a possible treatment for Aspergers. I am trying to find a reputable, experienced practitioner--or a trial, that could (maybe) help my son. I will be contacting the school tomorrow during normal business hours."""	0
Very useful high quality article.  It really helped my research.	0
I was able to use this journal article to write an annotated bibliography for my marriage and intimate relationships class.	0
"I am currently in my second year of a BSc(Hons) in Psychology with Early Childhood Studies at UCS, Ipswich, Suffolk, England.  I am preparing a poster presentation on ""How easy is it for adults to question long-held moral beliefs?"" and doing the research into dual process model, I have accessed this article.  Thank you for making it openly available. "	1
"I'm a graduate student in the UK studying behavioural science and I want to read this article so that i can understand more about how group effects such as repugnance can lead to lead to market failure, and how potential remedies might be applicable to other market failures."	0
"I have been working independently on a natural-language understanding system for the last two years. Thanks to papers like this, I've developed a successful proof-of-concept which I'm using to apply for EU funding. My work would not have been possible without services like yours. Thank-you for your generous help."	1
I am working on my doctoral capstone project and I want to focus on the use of invocation and talismans in Chinese medicine.	0
I am doing research on town-gown perceptions in a city marked by racial and economic differences between the town and the gown; this article has helped me solidify theoretical frameworks and ground the study in theory	0
"I work as a researcher for the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that runs Wikipedia--an ongoing collaboration among tens of thousands of distributed volunteers. Research on information sharing among distributed teams is highly relevant to my interests."	0
University of Florida faculty.  Research on housing boom in Florida.  Glaeser is the leading	
"urban scholar. A dissertation by one of his students is certain to be helpful.  """	0
"I am a graduate student in the Master of Library Science program at East Carolina University. This article was recommended to me by my professor of my academic libraries course after she read the draft of my term paper on open access. After reading about 'sharing my story' in this article and how it is helpful, I made a point to fill this out. I am a huge proponent of open access. I am interested in reading scholarly articles for many of my classes and on topics that interest me and appreciate being able to access the information without having to pay a fee for each one. Even though I have access to many journals through the ECU library, I have come across a few that require payment. I end up not using them because I find enough information without them."	0
"I am one the curious minds mentioned in the Open Scholarship mission statements.  I got interested in the Rosetta mission which opened up for me the numerous freely available papers online.  Metallic hydrogen in Jupiter lead to a paper on the possible presence of metallic hydrogen in the Sun, which is just too interesting to pass on.  One paper described the metallic hydrogen fluid in Jupiter as ""protons in a degenerate electron sea"" -- stuff like that expands my understanding of the universe and is just so much fun I want to find out more."	0
"I am using this and another DASH reprint in a computational-linguistics course.  They have been crucial in explaining how unification grammars work.  It's great that Harvard has something like DASH, and embarrassing that Yale does not."	0
It helped me to gain knoledge about life expectancy. Information usefull for my paper in MCI  in Argentina	0
The availability of this information is extremely helpful in developing health information for the public.	0
"I have now gotten 2 articles through Harvard's open access program, and I'm so thrilled!  I really believe that the purpose of research is for the advancement of knowledge for everyone, not just those you can afford access to journals and databases.  Open access is the true spirit of science."	0
Open access allows me to have a reference for a paper I am writing on ethical principles for my Healthcare Law and Ethics class.	0
"I am a low income, pre-medical student at the University of Colorado Boulder, and without free access to articles like these I would not be able to expand my knowledge and horizons as deeply. Free access has allowed me to not only improve my intellect, but also to improve my education and grades as whole by providing me with resources I would otherwise not be able to afford. It is a giant leap towards free access of all scholarly knowledge, which in turn is a huge leap towards equality in opportunity for all students, regardless of finances."	0
"This is a fabulous service and one that is so important to women clinicians who are advising patients with DCIS as so much is unknown about the correct management of this condition.  Articles such as the one I found on surgery, provide another piece of the very huge puzzle that is the best way to approach early breast cancer.  Thank you for this service!"	
"Mari C Sullivan, MSN, ARNP"	
Family Practice	
Medical Officer	
"US Department of State"""	1
Using this article to write a paper about the pedagogy of helping lower high school students write persuasive essays	0
Open Access has allowed me to gather information and expand my knowledge on topics I need to research. It has been particular useful when I begin to research topic I have very limited knowledge on. I appreciate Open Access because I know I am getting my information from a reliable source.	0
"Like everyone else, a desire to understand the mechaisms behind (violent) extremism"	0
It benefits me immensely because I can have easy internet open access to scholarly articles even by being located in a lower middle income country. I am grateful for this opportunity.	1
I am researching Ian McHarg the Landscape Architect. Having access to this article has given me a more rounded perspective I may have not have been able to find otherwise. Thank you!	1
Preaching about tithing and tipping in South Lake Tahoe CA	0
"I am an undergraduate student researching on the causes of human traffiking in the border of North Korea and China. Before finding this article, I had been struggling to get access to the on-line library of my university. This article has helped me to get close to very interesting bibliography. Please, keep doing this. For people like me it is very expensive to purchase on-line articles."	0
"useful for the democratic opposition in hong kong, where the ruling coalition has beijing's representatives acting as primary electoral coordinator and the democratic opposition does not have the resources or experience to set up efficient and durable primary coordination mechanisms."	0
i am a lab scientist wanting to know more	0
This information (economics) is generally very expensive to access. Allowing free access to this information assists with the representation of marginalized people (First Nations) who can use this information which otherwise is difficult to afford so as to help them access the theoretical and linguistic underpinnings of the discipline of economics.	0
Currently doing research for my Masters Thesis.	0
improving teaching at the post-secondary level by providing access to interdisciplinary research that can be shared with my students	0
I am researching information for a college power point presentation about methods of research. Thank you for allowing me access to this article.	1
In researching for a novel I wouldn't otherwise have access to this material	0
very well. great for my research.	0
"I teach a class on the impacts and solutions to climate change. Having open access to research papers means that I can make sure that my class content is as current as possible. In addition, it helps the students to have access to papers for their class projects."	0
"This article helped with an exploratory research, in the subject Business Research Methods. Our topic was to study the attrition rate our college experiences and to formulate methods to decrease it. This report helped with both the problem and the solutions to some extent. As our research was our college specific, a lot could not be implemented, but this paper is great to understand the core issue the educational system is facing."	0
I sincerely appreciate the easy access that saved me from having to back track through my library system or file and wait for an ILL.	0
Open Access is a great source for those interested in staying up-to-date with current research. Thank you for providing a much needed service.	1
"I´m about to write my Master thesis about carnivorous plants in Germany. Therefore, I was searching for literature about nutrient gain and costs of traps. The ability to get free access to the papers of Harvard is very helpful, thanks a lot."	1
"I am writing a paper on the role of leptin in the reduced sexual motivation of women with anorexia, and this paper offered valuable insight into the way in which food deprivation is uniquely linked to Kiss-1 in a way that cold is not, thus providing further evidence for my hypothesis about the methylation status of region 4 of cpg 2 of the Kiss1 gene in post-pubertal women with AN."	0
We will use the information for a discussion in an adult church group.	0
Was able to do research for my classes at WSUV while i was not on campus. because most of our resources were not available off-campus.	0
I want to offer people I know access to ideas and research into what makes terrorists tick apart from the knee-jerk reactions most of us tend to adopt.	0
thanks for this!! I'm doing a project on raw milk cheese and this helps a ton!	
"	1"	
It made my search much easier. I was able to download such a useful article without much trouble.	0
Much more aware of responsibilities and ambitions. Life long learning and moral compass. Perceptions and needs are also important. Love is everlasting and strong. It is a excellent barometer.	0
"It's just so generous of the kind folks at Harvard to generously allow me access to their prestigious journals on such sought after and commoditized scholarship as political theory. I can really enhance my village's water filtration and crop rotation with this pressing research! Truly, this Open Access article has saved my life and career. That Harvard would generously deign to allow little old me access to this without charging me tens of thousands of dollars speaks to the kindness in Harvard rich folks' hearts."	0
"As an advisor to researchers on ASD and its early detection, I value any intensive labor research on this issue."	0
"I'm a student at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta Georgia, using this site to do additional research for my US History to 1877 course. Thank you so much for making this open! It means very much to me, Olivia Reingold, a passionate American Studies student."	1
My cousin sent me the link to the story saying it contradicted what she had thought about terrorists after the Paris attacks. I read it and found it very informative and insightful and interesting. And shared it with a colleague and on Twitter.	0
"I am a carpenter, a Navy veteran, and I am active in community organizing in Oakland, CA. So many of our lived realities are derivatives of larger complex systems. The ability to access scholarship on these systems well beyond the scope of our experience allows us to build a vision for our communities that is reflective of and responsive to the world around us."	
	
Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world's grief.	
  Do justly now. Love mercy now. Walk humbly now.	
"        You are not obliged to complete the work,"	
           but neither are you free to abandon it.”	
#NAME?	
"	0"	
I am using this article as a cited resource in the writing an undergrad historical disciplinary paper concerning Heron of Alexandria in a history of science class.	0
Insight into the current situation (Nov 13 2015 Paris) from that in the past (Sep 11 2001 New York) via a relevant analysis of group-think	0
"With this open accessing, I can get open reserching information on the front edge of DPS study"	0
"I'm using this to show my Northern Virginia Community College students -- who are struggling to learn social skills in the workplace -- how they need to make a good impression to get their next job. Firing is legally controversial, but workers who just rub others the wrong way can get laid off -- and it may not be a career killer but it will complicate their job search."	
	
"Thank you so much for sharing this material openly, and keep up the good work!"""	1
"I am a doctoral student at University of the Pacific in my second year. My research interests include parent perceptions regarding school support for students who have a disability and also identify as LGBTQ, and am looking for quantitative measures to identify parent perceptions."	0
"I teach AT Psychology in Westchester,NY and often use peer reviewed journals to discuss current  research. This free access has been a tremendous benefit to my students. I can show them how psychology is being done; we can have conversations about significant findings, methodology and application to society."	0
Huge thanks for sharing your research with others!  This paper was particularly interesting and helpful when working on a debate project regarding OTC access to oral contraceptives.	1
"I am reading this essay in the wake of the Paris attacks of 11/13. I am reading it as an antidote to despair. I have no handle on the question of how to respond to such atrocities. I would hate to see a blatantly militaristic response, and yet, I believe that the inspiration for these attacks comes from the success of terrorists in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. These self-organized groups would not be taking a cue from a failed jihadist movement. ISIS's success, in particular, has proved inspirational to them. Whence, ISIS must be crushed ... and I contradict my better judgement."	0
"I teach History in Brazil and it is very difficult to get all publications we need down here. Students tend to xerox copy, thus spending money and using too much paper.To be able to give them good free articles on line is very important."	0
"I am an academic editor and open access means that I can check the wording and page numbers of direct quotations from this article, that are cited in a chapter of a book I am working on, without having to hassle the authors of the chapter or wait for them to get back to me with the missing information."	0
"I teach biology. I use this article as one of our weekly articles. Students must read the article and answer questions. We also discuss the non- ethical protocols, and in turn they must develop a hypothetical study designed around the original goal that is ethical and scientifically just."	0
"On a micro level, I am researching material by HGSE professors as I apply to the school. On a macro level, I tend to follow interests on the internet (educational) and often reach a dead end when it comes to professional journals. I very much appreciate the open access--I can fulfill my curiosity and also share with others where useful. We all learn more this way."	0
"As an independent researcher, Open Access is an invaluable way of obtaining journal articles not easily obtainable through college/national libraries which no longer maintain subscriptions to particular journals.  This is particularly relevant where college/university 'associate' status no longer provides access to e-journals or e-books."	0
I have defended Death Penalty cases in the past and may yet do so again.	
"I need to be attentive to resources, old and new, to develop an ability to assess current issues."	
"I have been practicing criminal defense law for over 46 years"""	0
I engage in ongoing comparative law research on work leave policies in the USA and throughout Europe.	0
"A little over 3 years ago the National Speech and Debate Association (formerly National Forensics League) began a program in China to bring over American style debate. We began with Public Forum competitions and has grown from there. As you can imagine, resources in China are hard to come by, but academic entities are largely still accessible. I came upon this resource while researching a China national circuit debate topic: Patents should not be issued for lifesaving drugs. While the full content of this article is a little dense for my debaters, they have no problems when it is broken down into smaller evidence portions. So I'd just like to say I hope Open Access continues to provide quality resources that students all over the world can access, especially in places where so much is blocked."	0
"Dearest Staff,"	
"Thank you for the possibility you offer. Together with Ettore Vitali, MD heart surgeon now retired, we would like to insert the link of your article within our medical and cultural educational website www.he-artandscience.education , our mission and work. This article has been citated from Doctor Vitali long ago in one of this articles published on the Italian Journal of Cardiology """" The present and future of mechanical circulatory support: when spending more means spending wisely (G Ital Cardiol (Rome). 2010 Mar;11(3):192-4."	
	
Thank you very much	
"Sincerely,"	
	
Sabrina Sperotto	
"	1"	
I am writing my BA Thesis and this article gives me inspiration about expectations	0
"I assume my info will be of no help to you, but will pass it on anyway.  I am almost 82((yes) and have been on estrogen and provera for years.  I have noticed that there is a DEFINITE energy increase after being on Provre after 3 days of the 12  pill taking time. I can look forward to it."	0
I needed this chapter to study for a giant comprehensive exam on English Language Learning.  Was SO helpful to be able to access it here!!	0
"I have a scholarly essay to write on the subject of utopia and architecture, more specifically determining the materials of ""utopian architecture,"" and this article is a particularly great beginning to my research. I truly appreciate the access. Thank you!"	1
This open access allowed me as a faculty member at a teaching oriented institution with poor library facilities to develop a much richer and deeper lecture for my students and integrate some seminal research into my classroom more effectively.	0
I'm a researcher and faculty member at a tiny liberal arts college with very limited institutional resources. I cannot access many pay-walled sources without the assistance of colleagues at more resource-rich institutions. I wouldn't be able to do my work without services like these! 100% proponent of Open Access scholarship.	0
"Am pursuing a Executive MSC Degree in Leadership and Governance, and Internet plays an invaluable source of research material. Often the material is available over the web but on pay as you download.This makes it very difficult to conduct smooth research."	
"Digital access by Harvard is such a considerate and invaluable support."""	0
"I´m geologist and research at Universidade de Brasília and I work about Proterozoic and Ediacaran sedimentary rocks, mainly clay minerals. This paper is very interesting for me."	0
"I am currently an International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Candidate at Trinity High School in River Forest, Illinois. As a Diploma Candidate, the IB organization requires me to complete a 4,000 word extended essay that involves researching a topic of my choice. My research question for this essay is, ""To what extent are psychedelics effective when used in psychotherapy to relieve anxiety related disorders?"" I am mainly focused on researching how MDMA and LSD can be used to help relieve those with anxiety due to having a life-threatening condition or disease and those with PTSD. This article will be of great use to me, for it contains several different anecdotes of those who have successfully used MDMA in therapy which I will be able to cite in my essay. Thank you for making this article available!"	1
"I am a physician and a cognition researcher who has limited remote access to articles, and cannot travel to my University library regularly, so the public sharing of research and academic knowledge is very valuable."	0
This allows me to interact with academic debates freely. To easily share sources with my friends in an easy way and means that I don't need always download and install my university's VPN when I am travelling/away from university/	0
It distracts me at work. It gives me less reasons to look at my phone and most inmoortabtly social media is very super fishal and with most co workers commenting on my body weight of rather not look at pictures of people that look or feel as if they are better than me by the way they look.	0
Undergrad at Ithaca College. Trying to better understand material seen in class.	0
"I am writing a PhD on the ecology of learning and pedagogy at Auckland University, NZ. This article will help to clarify the memory processes that operate during classroom learning, and will help suggest ways that understanding of neural processes might inform teaching and learning."	0
I am doing independent research for a book on resilience in nature. I am not an academic researcher so this access is critically important to my work Thank you!	1
"After treatment for breast cancer with taxanes and herceptin, followed by daily tamoxifen for the last 3 years, i find i am permanently hungry. I also find i am unable to lose weight even when I reduce my calorie intake. My weight has continued to increase, and I need to find some avenue of research that will help explain why, and maybe give me some chance of managing my weight. Reading research papers on fat metabolisim/ hunger helps me feel that I am doing something positive."	0
"I am writing a book about readers in experimental philosophy in antebellum Boston. Unsurprisingly many of them were Harvard graduates.  Thus the many Harvard archives --- and, I might say, particularly the digitized library charging records and catalogs --- are invaluable primary sources.  I don't know how DASH connects to all the other digitization projects at Harvard but here is a hearty 'Huzzah' and heart-felt 'Thank You' to everyone involved."	1
"Reading ""the future of violence"" by Wittes & Blum, which referred to Zittrain. The access allows easy, rapid ability to pursue subject matter in more depth and to see if any predictions from 2008 have come true. Appreciate the generosity of author and publisher. "	0
"I teach an 11th Grade history course, U.S. and the World History III at Hudson High School in Hudson, MA. The course covers the post-WWII period - present, and much of it covers international relations. I was looking for resources to teach my students the concept of deep, intermediate, and precipitating causes in international studies analysis, and there are no secondary level materials on this, so I used your material. Thank you!"	1
"I am a junior at the university of Tennessee Knoxville and I am taking econometrics. In this class we have to do a project on any subject that interests us via STATA, and i chose to do my project on how military expenditures affect business cycles."	0
"I am a 4th year psychiatric nursing student with many research projects& papers to write.My university is not large and I am off campus. I do order via inter-library loans but the process is""bulky' and time consuming. Free access is a blessing to my budget and the quality of work I can produce. Thankyou"	1
"I found this article by accident, I am writing a book on platonic forms and music, the article gives detailed comments on Kennedy's book, which I found very helpful"	0
I am a British mixed heritage PhD student and wanted an interesting article on hypodescent and the way it is having a consequence on American culture and the way in which it is reported.  I need a relevant American article because although we in Britain don't have hypodescence we do have a similar version embedded within black political and religious thought. I was delighted that the above article was freely shared.  I could have got it through my university library but to access it like this means I will take time out to look for more articles by this author and cite their work in mine.  Thank you.	1
"I'm supervising students in a STS program, and this article is on their list of required reading."	0
"My horizons have been broadened by being able to read the in-depth details of a topic, instead of a truncated abstract."	0
This is a test story.	0
I can share this article and Dr. Kleinman's developing thoughts with the first year medical students with whom I work.  	
	
"Also, my adult daughter works with the caregiving spouses of individuals with dementia.  I will share it with her."	
	
"Thank you very much.  """	1
"Important for my class ""Culture and Society of Haiti"" Faculté des Sciences Humaines, Université d État d'Haïti"	0
"I don't know that open access has had a profound effect on my academic career, but I do know that the world of research and publication seems more equal, more attainable and more human."	0
"I am writing a journalism piece and having access to the full text of this paper will help not only expand and enlighten my piece, but give it an entirely new direction. What joy it was to find a piece that I could access! How entirely unusual!!!! So thrilled."	0
"I am a geologist at the Council for Geoscience, Pretoria, South Africa. I subscribe to Science, but cannot afford a subscription to Nature."	
"I appreciate the role of the Harvard community in making this article freely available."""	0
"Doing research for a presentation for work--I've looked for this precise paper forever but because it was a conference proceeding, I couldn't easily access it without Interlibrary Loan and all the time that entails."	0
Hello my name is xxxx.  I am the granddaughter  of one of the Syphilis Study Survivors Fred Tyson. I am giving a talk tomorrow at George Mason University.  While this article is quite old it is my opinion one of the strongest in offering a historical account on the study. I will be sharing it with the class that I am teaching tomorrow.	0
The open book I found will help me to develop my Ph.D. Dissertation.	0
This open access article helped me help a student struggling in a freshman sociology course. Thank you!	1
I cited this in my AP English essay about emotional intelligence. 	
"	0"	
Having open articles lets me follow the state of the art in important research areas - I can follow some of the details. I see it like eating in a resteraunt where you can see the cooks premaring and cooking the food - you may not care about the details but it by presenting it in an open and honest manner one feels that the research is trustworthy.	0
"I am an independent, retired researcher. I do not have access to papers via any organization, nor is it even close to feasible to purchase access either generically or to specific papers from an economic perspective ($48 for a 3-page paper, really?). I may look at 100s or even 1000s of papers to find one or two that are useful. And that is for EACH project. All research papers should be free."	
"	0"	
"I could access this article through Classical Philology, since I have the privilege of rights at a major research library, but open access makes things generally easier and many do not share such privileges. I often work away from home and the fewer clicks to get to what I need the better."	0
I am a non-profit hospital IRB member who is reviewing a research protocol involving fluoride tooth varnishes and am trying to understand FDA regulation of tooth products.	0
I am doing research on social spending in relation to economic and regional factors	0
This article gives me a good background on NGF and its role in acute and chronic pain.  Being able to access these articles is extremely beneficial for those of us who are not in the field but want to learn more.	0
"Thank you, this article helped me a lot preparing my university lecture about the political terror in the Soviet Union."	
	
"Dr. Prof. Laszlo Karsai, Dep. of Modern History, University of Szeged, Hungary"""	1
Checking a link as part of copy editing an article.	0
"I am researching for my PhD at Heythrop College, University of London. The Provisional Title of my Thesis is:"	
The Theology of Kenneth Cragg on human rights and human responsibilities in the context of the United Nations: an encounter with the religious thought Charles Malik and Dag Hammarskjöld.	
"Having Open Access to relevant documents and papers is of great help."""	0
I am a PhD Candidate at Rutgers and my dissertation topic is similar.	0
I might be able to get a better idea whether or not Trent Lott is full of shit.	0
"I saw an article about Ms. Hayward's research in the September 19, 2015, WSJ. I want to send Hayward's research article to my sister who was just diagnosed with ovarian cancer. "	
	
"Open Access is great!"""	0
"As a graduate student with limited access to libraries because I moved back to my hometown to draft my dissertation, I am grateful for this access. In addition, I did not receive any dissertation funding so access to key texts or at least a summation of the major points really helps a lot with my research, especially since I'm funding it myself. Thanks."	1
I followed a link from twitter and didn't get stuck at a paywall. Excellent!	0
My professor at a different university has assigned this artice for reading	0
I appreciate having immediate access to via links that I find serendipitously - thank you.	1
I am a BCBA. Several of my clients benefit from learning SPT skills. I was doing some casual research online and came across Dr. HG 's work. 	
"Thank you!"""	1
"Greetings from the University of New England, Australia.  Thank you for sharing your resources and allowing other students to be able to find further articles relevant to our studies.  Knowledge should be shared and spread, and Open Access is helping to facilitate this idea when a student from Sydney can be privy to the information you're sharing.  Thank you!"	1
"I was looking for the paper that Amy Cuddy wrote that corresponded with her TED Talk about power positions. Open Access allowed me to view the paper in its entirety and better understand not only the nature of the experiment, but also the nature of nonverbal communication. Thank you for having this program!"	1
"Thanks,"	
In Chile we want to contribuite in Financial Research.	
"This was very useful for my Phd."""	1
Thank you for having Open Access articles. I work in a State University in Mexico and we do not have funding for journals so most of our literature comes from open access journals.	1
"I run advanced courses in NGS data analysis for young professionals who come from varied backgrounds. Almost exclusively, my course modules depend on open source information, tools, and publications. Thanks."	1
"Thank you for making your articles open source. For researchers (like myself) who do not work at universities (I do policy work for a major international NGO), scholarly articles hidden behind expensive paywalls are a hindrance to conducting robust research."	1
This article caught my attention because I am part of NHS II - though not part of this study.  I was looking for a well-designed study for my BSN Research students to analyze.  I am sure they will learn about autism risk as well as identifying research questions!  Thank you for sharing.	1
The article in question has put into an easily read format the feelings of many of the professionals with whom I work about 'supply side' development funding. In particular it is a problem in countries where probity in public service is a not a common value. So supply side development can lead to an increase in corruption as the monitoring focuses on the disbursement of  development funding rather than the impact of its use.	0
"I'm a newly-started PhD student at University of Technology Sydney, but live in Perth (a 5 hour flight away). I can't access the UTS library directly, so rely on UTS online, Google Scholar etc to be able to access the literature I need to be able to do my research. This paper is a key work I need to read for my literature review and I'm delighted to be able to access it online."	0
"I am currently on sabbatical and developing and developing an experiential activity for MBA students aimed at increasing perspective-taking ability and underscoring the value of perspective-taking.  Ironically one of my sons, who is a game and simulation designer, has put forth a proposal to develop a simulation. "	
	
"A very helpful article!"""	0
"As Director of the School of Humanities at my University, the Indira Gandhi National Open University it is my job to sit in on all manner of academic committees and related activities. these are also pre-PhD submissions. I would be able to guide younger learners on the benefits of accessing this."	
Prof Sunaina Kumar	
"	0"	
Access to this article aided me greatly in completing research for my master's dissertation on the changing consumption patterns and growth of the sharing economy. Thanks!	1
I am currently not enrolled  at a university. I am preparing for different interviews for phd positions. The possibility to access publications is a gigantic benefit for me to do so. Thank you.	1
"I'm a journalist with a wide readership within the ""retirement industry""--those who try to benefit by providing product or services related to management of Americans' savings, which amounts to more than $20 trillion, according to estimates."	0
"My professor in experimental psychology required us to have at least three referrences in our reports, i find it very helpful for a psychology student like me, especially that i am of different culture and nationality"	0
"I am an independent researcher in Brazil. By independent I mean I do not have the financial support of institutes or companies. Due to this financial constraint, we seek free sources of information, which makes the internet my most important tool. To access an article from a highly regarded researcher at Harvard University is an immeasurable benefit to my work. I'm thankful for that initiative."	1
I am thrilled to have found access to these materials! Thank you for sharing them with everyone.	1
"I am a doctoral student doing research on this topic. I am so grateful that this is freely available. It has been surprising to me how many resources like this are entirely unavailable, which seems contrary to the spirit of scholarship and 'standing on the shoulders of giants.' Also, one of my colleagues, a social studies teacher, has asked me to recommend resources, and this is perfect for her. It's invaluable to have easy access to resources like this."	1
"I am from Zagreb, Croatia, and currently in the process of writing my thesis for getting a Masters Degree in Psychology. My University has lost access to all scientific databases due to administration and financial problems which left me thirsty for articles and modern science information about my topic. Your open access helped me find some of the proper information I needed. Thank you so much. "	
"Scientific truths should be available to everybody."""	1
"I am a professor of education emeritus at South Dakota State University. A colleague and I are teaching a noncredit course for retired people (an ILLI class; i.e., Osher Institute for Lifelong Learning) about the period after World War II in Europe (1945-mid-1950s). This article got my attention."	0
"I'm a high school biology teaching in Winnipeg, Manitoba. I will be using this article throughout my course, which covers genetics and evolution. It will be a recurring theme to which we will frequently return. I will also use the writing style as a template to teach my students about how to write scientifically. THANK YOU"	1
"I'm using this article to research intertemporal choice, and utilize that to affect my own decision making."	0
Helping my 7-12th graders research for their projects.	0
"Franz Kafka: The Complete Stories Paperback  – Deckle Edge, November 14, 1995"	0
This is strange that the author has missed my articles focusing on similar issues! These could have provided some support to the arguments she tried to make. Here are those:	
"2013: “The Birth of Psychology in India” in Girishwar Mishra ed, Psychology and Psychoanalysis. Vol. XI, Part 3. A series on History of Science, Philosophy and Culture in Indian Civilization, General Editor, D. P. Chattopadhyaya. New Delhi: Centre for Studies in Civilizations (CSC) for the Project of History of Indian Science, Philosophy and Culture (PHISPC), pp. 91-116."	
"2005: “The Emergence of History of Medicine in India: Representations and Reconstruction”, in Naresh Chandra Datta & Tulika Sen, eds., Aspects of History of Science, Kolkata: The Asiatic Society, pp. 51-64."	
"2004: ‘Emergence of a Marginal Science in a Colonial City: Reading Psychiatry in Bengali Periodicals’. Indian Economic and Social History Review, 41, pp 103 – 141."	
"2004: ‘A New Knowledge of Madness – Nineteenth Century Asylum Psychiatry in Bengal’. Indian Journal of History of Science, 39, pp. 247-277."	
"2004: ‘Historicising Indian Psychiatry’, Indian Journal of Psychiatry, Vol. 47 (2) pp. 126- 129."	
"2000: ‘Cannabis and madness: evidence from the Indian Hemp Drugs Commission, Bengal 1894’, Studies in History (new series), Vol. XVI, No.1, pp.131-138."	
"1999: ‘Girindrasekhar Basu and the coming of psychology in colonial India’,Theoretical Perspective, Vol.6, p.26-55."""	0
Citing for my dissertation on Community college online developmental math.	0
This article provides documentation for an endnote in a report on police-community relations and racial disparities in policing.	0
Helped to write my dissertation on intraday patterns in the cross-section of foreign exchange rate returns	0
"I am working on my masters degree in nursing education. The cost of education can be very high, and paying to access articles during research projects can become cost prohibitive. Being able to access this information at no cost is a huge help."	0
"I am interested in what place women have had in ""seeing"", recording, interpreting, transmitting of texts that a considered to be sacred such as the Vedas, Bible, Quran.  "	0
"This article is part of the readings for the online course ""Tangible Things"". I appreciate to have acces to it."	0
"This was very helpful for my Extended Project Qualification (EPQ), in which I chose the topic Placebo Effect in Clinical Trials. Until I read this, I was unaware the the Placebo effect could impact variables such as Blood Pressure."	0
I am fascinated by this research and how provider's posing and hormones impact the provider patient relationship.	0
It has greatly helped me in my assignment	0
"As a Community College history professor, I look for easy access to good journal articles for students. This access, as well as full-text pdfs, makes it simpler for lower division non-history majors to access journals."	0
"I am 35years old female, University lecturer at Wollo University, PhD fellow at UNISA and academic researcher on public health nutrition and hypertension in particular"	0
I am a foreign language professor looking for material on heritage students in the FL classroom. Articles such as this keep the cost down for my students who usually are on tight incomes as high school teachers. My reading list will be fuller and cheaper because of articles such as this.	0
"I am grateful for the open access because this article is going to help me in my PhD dissertation about Rainer Forst and Nancy Fraser, I do not have the economical resources to pay for all the bibliography I need. This kinds of programs is really helpful for the student life of philosophers in progress, especially from South America. Thank you."	1
It just feels so right to be able to read any scientific article!	0
"I work for a very small non-profit in a community with limited access to resources.  Applications for grants, program funding requests, and reports all rely heavily on being able to justify with research that these methods work and are worth the investment."	
	
"After graduating college, I no longer have access to academic libraries with research articles. Because of programs like MDASH I can still find relevant resources to guide and justify programs at my agency.  We are working to develop a computer science program for students at the local high school -- and in order to secure commitments from the school system and local agencies we have to make a compelling case for why it will help area youth.  Access to articles like this make that possible."""	0
"I accessed this article as part of the ""recommended readings"" for the ""Tangible Things"" edX class--it provided valuable and interesting background information on the subject of the course. As a former Harvard undergrad, I'm excited to see that access to this kind of scholarship is being made available outside of the HArvard community."	0
"I am putting together a stratigic method to lower concentrations of particle matter specifically inside the daycare and senior care facilities. Over the last year I have had resistance inside both of those communities to further efforts to keep those particular groups safer. With these case studies I only further build my case for the administrators, cities, counties and states to understand our citizens are at risk."	
"Thank you for allowing these documents to be public and free for all to further their knowledge."""	1
I am a retired millwright and lifelong learner. This article will help me learn more about the history of my trade.	0
It enable me to garner more relevant info for a report I am doing	0
"In 1995, I was told I was more resilient than most people and asked how I'd done it (by a psychiatrist). There is more to the story than that. Before he said that, he told me that people with my history tended to live in boxes under bridges, not have successful careers, be good Mom's and put themselves through college and graduate with honors as I had. At first, I thought he was the one who should know the answers. He was, after all, a psychiatrist. Since then I learned that psychiatrists study things that go wrong, not what makes things go right.  "	
	
"I soon realized that if I was more resilient than others with my history and I could figure out why, I could help a lot of people. That is where my journey to discover the root cause of resilience began. I was busy, raising two children on my own (I was at the psychiatrist because my marriage was ending.) I read everything I could find. I observed a lot, with particular attention to those who seemed to do well in spite of the odds. That gave me hints and clues that I began incorporating in my own life. My life got even better. Eventually, all the pieces began to come together but my successful career was in business, not psychology. "	
"I began teaching others what I learned. Results included students who overcame long-term depression,  disabling PTSD and even averting an imminent suicide. My students were experiencing more happiness, resilience, and better relationships. It got to the point where I no longer wanted to do anything else (career-wise) because helping people when I knew how was so rewarding. I left my executive position and began doing this full time and writing so I could share my techniques with others."	
I like to link my work to science that supports what I've learned and Open Access helps me do this. Including science opens doors for me to help more people--people who wouldn't listen or be interested if it did not have scientific support. 	
	
"Bottom line, Open Access helps me help others. I have spent a great deal of the past few years writing because I want to be sure what I've learned survives me so I have not spent a lot of time growing my business. As a result, I don't have the financial resources to buy all the related research. I don't limit my research to psychology. There are many other areas that are related, such as psychoneuroimmunology, quantum physics, organizational behavior, medical science, and many more. "	
	
"I have also noticed that many solutions to pressing problems are in the literature already but because they aren't pharma, they are not being brought forward. Problems like the cycle of violence, disparate impact, chronic diseases (including type 2 diabetes, obesity, and depression) all have low-hanging fruit in the literature that could solve many of the problems, thus freeing resources for the more difficult to solve situations. I'm doing my best to highlight these as best I can. "	
	
"For example, so-called corporate wellness programs are treating symptoms, not actually using Primary Prevention--which they just as easily could be doing with a much greater positive impact. "	
	
"It's one thing to not know how to solve a problem. It's an entirely different matter to know how but not use it. The second, IMO, is an ethical and moral issue. I often think our time period will be judged harshly in the future for having knowledge that would help so many who need help and not applying it broadly. Open access will help change this to something the future will appreciate."	
	
"Emodiversity adds another dimension to how I will discuss emotions in my books and classes. """	0
"As an independent scientist self-funding a program to develop a universal cancer detection test, access to the latest published research is essential for our work.  Yet the $30+ cost per paper from online sources, or the time and uncertainty of acquiring and copying source material from our public library is untenable.  Thank you for making this work available to the research and development community."	1
I will lead a course on the French Revolution in our OLLI at U Minn. Having this	
information available on-line to the adults in the course is highly useful for	
"learning! Not much more need be said."""	0
"I am a Business Psychology Doctoral Student and this article will assist me in preparing my Week 7 Assignment.  This weeks topic is about ""the role of behavioral economics in business decision making process"".  I am confident about using articles from these authors and researchers, especially Bertrand.  I am also comfortable and knowledgeable about using articles & books from the Harvard Community. "	0
"I study history of religions in Geneva, Switzerland. I needed this article for an examination which topic is the sacrifice to the Sky made in Taiwan in 2011. The course is about comparative anthropology. Thank you so much for having let this resource in free access !"	1
"As a student, having to pay $35 or $40 per article acquisition from publishing companies is prohibitively expensive and jeopardizes the flow of information that is so critical to current research today. "	
	
"It also is regressive and penalizes the poorer members of our society who are most in need of higher education to help advance not just their careers but their lives."""	0
Professor at Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina	
Visiting researcher at Harvard University	
"I am currently working with language heritage"""	0
Hi!	
	
"I'm writing my Master's thesis on pay-for-delay agreements (in the EU) and came across this article because of my googlescholar alerts. I don't know yet just how this will benefit or how I might use it, but at first glance it looks very promissing."	
"Despite my Uni having an excelent online access to most journals, I always apreciate an open access possibilites. Especially when coming from highly acclaimed sources!"	
"So thank you for the knowledge!"""	1
Dermatopathologist trained in the UK	0
"I'm a retired anaesthetist, now 69. I was recently awarded a PhD (Queen's University Belfast) in philosophy for thesis entitled 'Causality in a McDowellian World'. I now have no academic affiliation, nor any prospect of one, and therefore find Open Access extremely useful for further study."	0
I have been working on the history of knowledge formation of modern Indian psychiatry and my focus is till independence (1947). I am yet to go through the full thesis but initial browsing made me interested to go through it for new information and interpretation.	0
I am an active member of Hour 25 a seqel to HeroesX and a TA in the current version v.4.  The data here can help use improve HeroesX	0
"I was a little intimidated at first that it was a Harvard article, but it was a surprisingly easy and very interesting read. It has helped explain a lot of things to me in the history of psychiatry and psychology. I am a graduate school student currently studying psychology. I am also highly critical of my own field of study. This article has helped me understand a lot of things, mainly how much of a strong role cultural and social factors play into psychiatry. It reminds me very much of Religion, and how over time Religions have had to make compromises with their own values with the tide of social values. I might argue that psychiatry is taking the place of religion, whereas in the past one would be referred to a priest for ""problems"", it is more common to be referred to a ""professional"". Overall, this article has helped me see the many inconsistencies and arbitrariness of psychiatry. "	0
"I'm using the article for student-led discussion in a small group of students who are completing a minor in International Agriculture and Natural Resources at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville."	0
i got to read published work without difficulty	0
"My research involves a study of the inner workings of Australian universities, with an emphasis on course accreditation procedures. I am enrolled in a PhD where I am examining the relationship between Shared Governance Theory and Higher Education Risk Management when courses are presented for accreditation. The vast majority of Australian universities are publically owned and funded and for this reason are closely monitored by the government, although all have the right through their enabling legislation to accredit the programs leading to their awards without external intervention. No standard method has been prescribed for doing this, however, and the procedures adopted vary markedly from one institution to another. My research focuses on the commonalities and differences between these procedures which I am seeking to explain in terms of Shared Governance and Risk Management."	
	
"I have taken an ethnological approach to the examination of university communities, particularly the interaction that exists between members of course accreditation panels. I found the paper on the role of theory in Ethnographic Research extremely valuable and I thank Harvard for making it available."""	1
"I am a PhD student. I was researching possible topics for a qualifying exam project. Michael Gelbart's thesis introduction served as a review of the field of Bayesian optimization, and helped me think of project ideas in that field. I don't think I will use them for my qualifying exam project, since I found the subject was too far out of my expertise. However, Gelbart's thesis was an essential part of the process of investigating this field."	0
I am a Baker College DBA candidate and I thank you very much for this access.	
"Ryan T. Staveley"""	1
"I am a pastor leading a Bible study of 1 Corinthians.  I want to provide my congregation with the latest scholarship on the subject, but I live in rural Nevada and have limited resources and cannot afford a full membership to a university library online.  I am grateful to Harvard for making such recent scholarship available free of charge!"	1
Quoted today in UK. City AM article by Paul Ormerod	
"Met Robert Barro in Rochester NY 1977"""	0
"I'm a retired Alabama Medicaid Analyst and Alabama State Policy Chair for the American Association of University Women (AAUW, founded in 1881). I'm doing research to meet with Alabama Legislators before their next (!) special session in an effort to help them understand growing costs of Medicaid. Our State Legislature completed it's regular session and one special session without a budget that fully funds Medicaid. Because Medicaid is complicated and our State Legislature is filled with young tea party mentality republicans, I hope to give them an overview of why the Medicaid budget is costly so they will perhaps abandon their cries ""cut the fat"" ""entitlement programs are out of control"" and see the Alabama Medicaid Program for the effective we'll run program it is. Since Pharmacy is one of the most costly programs I need to give them some background on the Medicaid Drug Rebate Law and from the title of this article I'm hoping that I'll find the facts to explain the Pryor Bill, which was the beginning of that program. Thank you for making this article available to me! "	1
I have been trying to track down the Einstein/Bergson debate. I saw its importance after reading Deleuze on Bergson. I am a retired professor and could not access Bergson's book Duration and Simultaneity (or buy it -- £999 on Amazon!). I am beginning to see the importance of Canales's work as a summary.I am very grateful for open access!	1
This was really helpful in some research I'm doing for undergrad. It gets really old digging through databases and constantly being told you have to subscribe to the journal for access. Thanks for helping out!	1
I want to study Kant's theory for my exam in ethics. Next week. I was looking for a second opinion about Kant's theory. I am going to study this paper now.	
Gabrielle Franses van der Spoel	
"The Netherlands"""	0
I use DASH as source of references for thesis workshops conducted at posgraduate courses in argentinian universities.	0
Helped me to understand Virgil's reference (allusion) to other Greek and Latin poets.	
I was reading Richard F. Thomas book (1999) about Virgil and intertextuality and	
"the line a, virgo infelix appeared. Searched in Google and I found this."	
	
"Thank you very much."""	1
"As I am currently writing my extended essay (for the International Baccalaureate Program) on mental toughness, its components, and trainability, I was looking into visualisation and imagery. From here I looked into the neurobiological aspects of both, and the correlations between the two in respect to the shared brain areas and the similarities between the two. This brilliant study allowed me to connect the two, even though they were being applied in different fields. Many thanks."	1
"Researching how the notion of stewardship was utilized by Blacks that were enslaved, beaten, raped and murdered by their white co-religionists. How do Christians reconcile this brutality with the teaching of Jesus?"	0
"I am an Adjunct Professor (Chaplaincy and Psychology) at University of the West -- a small (Buddhist) university in Southern California. A group of faculty, monks and chaplaincy students have been teaching meditation in California State Prisons. Recently we have begun to discuss how to reach out to corrections officers, parole/probation officers and (even) police.  Your article will be very valuable in that context. And... without open access to your work I would have been ""stalled"" for a while at least...! Thanks!"	1
"This is awesome! I'm always trying to find articles and since I'm at a state archives, I don't have the same access benefits to databases, etc, that other academic librarians have."	
	
"Thank you!"""	1
It benefits me because it allows me to expand my knowledge for free!	0
I am really grateful for granting me open access to the article listed below. It has made my research process easier and my research output richer and qualitative.  My areas of research are Digital Librarianship and Law Librarianship.Thank you.	1
"I am a student going for a BS in Criminal Justice. I also write about crime and I'm most interested in the gun control issue (as well as many other issues) because so many children are killed by guns and others killed by children obtaining guns. I'm don't feel that those who hunt and want them for protection should not have them, but I do object to those who are not responsible with them, use them for crimes, sell them to criminals, or are not willing to have their name and information associated. I feel that it's a issue of living in the present, not the past, and not everyone lives in an environment where children go up learning how to shoot a gun for hunting. We have to select two rights issues and one of them I chose is the right to bear arms. Thanks."	1
"Access to this article allowed me to check accuracy of an internet story, and then fired my interest in the subject to the possibility of writing an article myself.  It has certainly furthered my ongoing research into feminism, the history of witchcraft, and the history of religion.  I shall be checking in future specifically to see if there is anything here when I am researching articles."	0
"I'm preparing for my application to Harvard grad school, and so am trying the past doc dissertations to see if I could handle those topics. I'm grateful that I can get these copies easily on the web."	1
This article has provided an insight on the changes taking place in China's economy. The factor which are responsible for its incredible pace of growth and the challenges it faces in the future.	0
"I am currently working on a book on youth employment in tourism and hospitality so this publication should prove very useful, thanks for sharing!"	1
"I was searching for an update on genetherapy. Most of the paper were in paid journals and our institution has access only to a very limited number of journals. This is a very common problem in most of the Indian Universities. Purchasing an article for $34 or $60 is too much for us because here an average Asst. Professor earns only $10,000 to $20,000 per year. So  I am quite thankful."	1
I'm writing a book that includes a chapter on the future of health and beauty. I'm providing readers with some historical and contemporary perspective. In my research I found multiple claims that parliament had introduced an act as follows:	
	
that Parliament was obliged to pass an Act in 1770 which stated that	
	
"….  all women, of whatever age, rank, profession or degree, whether virgins, maids or widows, that shall, from and after such Act, impose upon, seduce or betray into matrimony, any of His Majesty’s subjects, by the scents, paints, cosmetic washes, artificial teeth, false hair, Spanish wool, iron stays, hoops, high-heeled shoes, bolstered hips, shall incur the penalty of the law in force against witchcraft and like misdemeanours and that the marriage upon conviction shall stand null and void."""""	
	
"But, alas I found no evidence that any act was ever fully passed. Your article and footnotes arrived at this same conclusion. Thank you for having high quality standards and providing open access. "	
	
I am very appreciative.	
	
"Kind Regards,"	
Gregory Olson	
	
Author of:	
The Experience Design Blueprint: Recipes for Creating Happier Customers and Healthier Organizations	
	
and my current book project:	
"l' impossi preneurs: A Hopeful Journey Through Tomorrow"""	1
I was working on a group presentation on government information and was looking for an example of a professional researcher using government information in a paper.	0
"It is indeed a very good article .  If Organic agriculture and YOGA can be understood as important part of our lives and health , than why not Alternative medicine like Ayurveda too, yes it is important to test the medicine for heavy metal for sure and also other pathologist test as FDA finds it deem important. Those who do not pass the test should be restricted and given a chance to enhance the quality as SAFE PRODUCT for human consumption."	0
"As a University student, I was able to access many articles of my field. Now that I do not have that access through my home University anymore, I feel so humble to come across scientific articles from which I can learn and refresh my knowledge and skills."	0
"I am working to complete my latest book on the ambiguity and confusions of several 19th and 20th century Jewish intellectuals.  Now that I am retired from university teaching and have neither the funds nor the health to travel overseas to to do research, the isolation of where I am is deeply felt.  Thanks to library interloans, some purchasing of books online and haunting of second hand books shops and fairs, I can put together a respectable body sources to use in my work; but having an up-to-date thesis like this one ansd from a truly prestigious university likke Harvard, lets me also be sure that I am up-to-date and on the right track.  Neuroscience, linguistic theiory, and phislophiscal studies--from Warburg through Wittgenstein, Cassirer and Auerbach, the basic grounding of Jewish theory is kept in oline, too, and hen ce my appreciation of Mayse's thersis on Rebbi Medyer Baer."	1
it is good to use open access.	0
You go Girl!	0
I am a law professor teaching a climate change class. The class is taught from primary materials rather than a text. This forces the students to make their own appraisal of the problem and learn to think about policy questions. Having articles like this available makes it possible for me to share my course materials on the WWW for anyone who is interested.	0
"As a writer without a current academic affiliation and whose outlets tend to operate on limited budgets, open access to scholarship allows me to pursue topics at a level that otherwise would be  expensive, sometimes prohibitively so."	0
very strong	0
"After graduating from a University with a bachelors in Psychology, and attaining 23 years (and 2 months) of life experience including social, emotional, academic, cultural..etc., it is auspicious for me to have free access to scientific journal articles such as this one in order reach my potential as a future graduate student, doctor, scientist, professor, author, and overall human being. More specifically, I will refer to this exact journal article in my dissertation. Ergo, research data bases should be free. Not only to benefit academics, but also for everyone else. So that if by chance someone other than a researcher chooses to investigate the latest findings on this problem we call schizophrenia, there is a place they can go without an unnecessary hassle of closed access. This will increase the number of people actually exposed to and reading entire scientific articles, therefore increasing the chances of nurturing and encouraging, and even empowering a human race to build a strong foundation of infinite opportunities for education through awareness. An awareness that is vital in order to saturate people with knowledge required to better understand the world; creating a more peaceful and healthy planet."	0
"In my current history class on the battle of Gettysburg we are writing papers on a specific event.  The even I chose was the burial and the 'ghost stories.'  To get at these topics I need material that explains the way the dead were dealt with at Gettysburg.  This pdf is a lovely help to me, saving me a lot of time in finding the book at a library and money if I had to buy it online or from a bookstore."	0
"I'm trying to find out more about Kazatyn, which is mentioned in this paper. My husband's family is from the town."	0
I am a high school physics teacher looking to begin a career readiness project with my students.	0
"Helps me, as a law student, with my research on the regulatory rulemaking process"	0
"I am a pharmaceutical Technician, when I met this article, I gained a lot of ideas, and this led me to boost my knowledge in health there fore I have comeup with my article called KNOW THE CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASES which will deeply deal with how prevent them by using LIFE STYLE including nutrition,health care, etc, that strengthen the life expectancy determinant."	0
"I'm a rigger in Australia.  I work in the entertainment industry but I'm looking to move into other areas.  I'm interested in the history of my trade, hence googling Heron's Mechanics when I can't sleep."	0
"thank you for sharing Prof. Darnton. i'm taking the CALRBS course in ""the history of the book "" in august and your article is required reading. "	
your books and essays are always a joy to read.	
"may there be many more, "	
morgan	
"	1"	
"A great service, thank you! I wanted an *academic* and *scholarly* commentary for a particular verse in 1 Corinthians."	1
This was a fantastic article that was invaluable to my research on the state of LGBT/queer rights in Iran!	0
I am following the Coursera MOOC on The French Revolution	0
It's short.	
	
"I'm starting a business selling improved cookstoves in developing economies. I just graduated from university and am penniless (no negative pennies luckily). Without your open access I wouldn't have read this paper and may have distributed a less effective technollogy. """	0
"Thanks You. It´s about my job as a Occupational Health Manager and the challenge of recycle restricted workers by orthopedics causes. My advice to a Plant Lidership Team was not only improve our capability in Ergonomics areas but improve our workforce to prepare them for the change. Our education is too bad and our people don´t know the problem of future and they can´t prepare themselves for a job in an independent way. Nowadays they are confortable with a leftist Union, but the future is in an individual and familiar way. I think the company can help them now, improve production and facilitate outplacement as ""pink collars"". In fact this problem is not a teoretical approach it is a daily reality. Dr. Oscar Bater, Occupational Health Manager at Mondelez International Argentina "	1
"I am doing research for anthropological science fiction, specifically for the cusp between the hunger-gatherer and agricultural life ways. This may help."	0
"As a volunteer researcher in Bandung, Indonesia, I am currently in Yogyakarta learning basic bahasa Indonesia. My learning is enhanced by understanding (more or less) some of the reasons why things are how they are in a language. Being able to openly access this document adds a wider context to some of the terms and conventions I am grappling with, enhances my understanding, and helps retain meaning. Mungkin."	0
"As David Edwards and I discussed concerns at daybreak in an outside pool in Banff in 2015, I cited my effort to build a Twitter reference vocabulary to initiate serious use of short-form communication on a world scale. Whether via Twitter or some other methodology, short-form is the future of communication as we move into more alarming social situations."	
 	
"Almost all terms I indexed [hash-tagged] were not in use, demonstrating a vacuum of critical subject matter in the feeds. I tweet as vtclark @valanning to build a vocabulary in areas of concern and awareness. / Open access to academic work is crucial to accuracy in the information and terminology I use for this purpose. So, thank you. Val Clark"""	1
Doing research and wanted reliable sources.	0
"I am 66 years old, opening my professional path in Brazil after 21 years working abroad. I teach Negotiation, work with Mediation and Conflicts, but in fact in Brazil people are not conscious of the use of mediation as they are in Europe and has been really hard to make entrepreneurs sensitive to the use of Mediation, so I have a hard time struggling to be able to support myself. Then it is important to have a free access to the material I am looking for, as I need to improve my performance and am unable to pay for."	
"	0"	
I have been an environmental attorney for 25 years:  I began studying environmental issues 15 years before that.   The most important thing I have learned is how little I know:  Most critical issues we are confronted with are extremely complex.  	
	
"All too often those issues are decided on the basis of superficial analysis, which special interest groups are involved early, and which of those special interests happens to have the best sound bite.  Even when decisions are motivated by altruism, they are frequently misguided."	
	
"I foresee a challenging future for my children; recent generations have had the good fortune to enjoy certain unusual economic advantages that appear to be rapidly disappearing.  One of the rapidly vanishing advantages is sources of energy that offer a good energy return on the energy invested to obtain it.  Not only is energy development more costly and less efficient now, energy development and use is in increasing conflict with environmental protection and resource conservation.  "	
	
About 20 years ago I began to feel that we no longer had the luxury to make bad choices:  The costs and opportunity costs with those choices increasingly limit future options.  My hope is that computers and the internet allow people to become more informed; that the overall quality of the decisions made on difficult issues improves dramatically.  	
	
"I genuinely appreciate your providing access to information that I might not otherwise be able to afford.  I have spent a significant part of my career working for the government:  I routinely find articles that I very much want to read, but simply don't have the extra money to purchase.  These are quite frequently not in my direct areas of practice; instead they tend to be related to issues that I have decided are important for other reasons."	
	
It is readily apparent that Harvard makes substantial effort to make important resources available to people who might otherwise not have access:  That commitment reflects very highly on you.  You have at least one guy out here that genuinely appreciates both your recognition of the potential value that providing free access to research provides as well as your generosity in expending a substantial amount of your resources implementing a very effective program to make it happen.  	
	
"Now, if we can just get all the knuckle-headed politicians to read and think . . . .  "	
	
"Thank you, "	
	
"Glenn Hall """	1
"Hi, Visualizing quantum Simulations is difficult unless one has seen experimental set up, this paper has cited broad range of references and up to date methods for experimental implementation. Reading it has helped me, so wish to thank you for this open access."	1
just interested about english learning.it is amazing for what havard did.i really appriciated this	0
"I am a retired church minister who is actively continuing on via the internet and via radio.  I personally believe and teach that higher critical methods can provide for us a more authentic understanding of the historical situations and people of the particular period of the manuscript's provenance.  I need daily access to credible scholarly material in order to take what seems to be historical truth from the scholarly jargon then translate it for the benefit of those who are inquisitive auto-didacts but haven't had the opportunity, intelligence or personality to participate in institutional higher education."	0
Thank you very much for this opportunity to share such important research as the work by Lamont et al. I believe there are scholar every where: people who are committed to education and creating a better world. One of the greatest obstacles to them is the difficulty of getting access to such important research works such as this. Free access to scholarly journals can be the difference between an informed society and an ignorant one.	1
"I´m living now in Venezuela and for me it is almost impossible to find current bibliography, so this is the only way for me now to research on my subject: History of early modern Science and Philosophy. Thank to made this possible."	1
I've recently been assessed as having Developmental Prosopagnosia.  I'm trying to understand the condition.  The assessment has profoundly affected the way I see myself.  Having access to research papers dealing with the subject is extremely helpful in giving me a new way to see my past (I'm aged 74 with high myopia)	0
"I am a graduate student working to finish my dissertation.  For family and health reasons, I cannot live on campus and take advantage of the university's resources.  Open Access means that when the library's online access is unavailable, I still can read important research and continue to work toward making my own contributions to knowledge--a scholar's first responsibility."	0
In preparation for the Fall NNEPA meeting I needed access to Dr. Elgin's writings to decide on a paper based on her work. The quick access to her work provided by this format let me assess the breadth of her work and select specialized papers for review. The ease of proper citation and online credits is appreciated.	0
"I don't have access to a lot of academic literature, but have a deep interest in psychology, so really appreciate it when institutions and academics make their papers available to the public to advance and broaden knowledge beyond academia. Thanks!"	1
One of the most important texts I have read. Still using it in class. Good to have it online via Open Access..	0
Provided me with some really enlightening information that helps my quest to PhD study. Thank you!	1
This is my first time to access you.	0
conducting studies	0
conducting studies	0
conducting studies	0
"Greetings to everyone. xxxx is my name and I am a student from Nu Vision High School here in Rwanda. I am 16 years old and I am student aspiring to study at Harvard. After being rejected because i didn't have my SAT, I have made it an initiative to study my undergraduate from there. I am a contestant in the East African Essay Competition 2015 and basically that's how I stumbled upon this article and to be honest, it was highly useful. Well, I am very passionate about sciences( and do really good at them) but I have a passion for arts like History and Literature. I am very happy to be abl to share my story because it is kind of a sad one. After getting admitted in 3 high schools; oxford high school, darrow high school and layton christian academy, I was too unfortunate to find the fees there to high for me to achieve and that was after receiving my Harvard rejection. At oxford they reduced the fees to US $15500, at Darrow all the financial aid packages had been depleted and the fees still were (US $55000)and at Layton they reduced it to US $16800. I am not sure if by ""share your story"" you meant me pouring out my entire heart on the blank of a screen but I am really happy I am doing it because I am shy about it and since it happened recently in May, I am trying to recover from it. On the other hand, I haven;t lost hope because at first I thought that the only way of getting into Harvard was through joining an American high schoola dn completing my high school from there but I am not an open-minded person and I know that if God wants me to first go to high school there then it shall be done( i don't how or in which way but It shall be done) and if I am supposed to stay here in Rwanda and finish my A'levels then I will but one thing is for sure, I am going to study my undergraduate at Harvard the only worry is when. Thank you and I hope you will publish such even more often. What I wanted to ask form you is whether you can tune me in on techniques or ways to gain a Harvard admission. I got an SAT score of 1740( 510 Cr, 630 Maths, 600 Writing, 9 essay). I was happy for this score because I only had a month to study and I did my best. Many blessings to all of you the publishers of this article."	1
"Listen to podcasts by Dr. Russ Roberts on Econ talk and find them very enlightening.  He provides the background research and supporting documents so listeners can go further.  This is very helpful for non-academics, such as me.  I just want to learn. "	
	
"Thank you to Harvard for making this document available. """	1
"Today is July 4th, and I wanted to work on an essay due for a summer school class at my university.  Unfortunately, my university's server is down.  Quick net search turned up this resource, so I can now use my time as plan."	0
I appreciate having access to scholarly articles because I do not hold an academic position but I am working on a work of history. I find Professor Darnton's articles very helpful.	0
"I am researching Marsilio Ficino and the impact of neo-platonism on thinking as a result of Cosimo de Medici's 'Platonic Academy"". The discussion of the meaning of Academy and the actual practice of learning during this period of the Renaissance and what is meant by academy has caused me to rethink whether/how neoplatonism was a dominate force in Florence during the 15th century. "	0
"I am a retired teacher (mathematics and economics at high school level in Scotland and Italy and philosophy at the Open University). I am in the process of writing a book, having had one published by the Edinburgh University Press in 2003, although this time it is a tome rather than a textbook.  "	
"The library facilities I have are restricted to the extensive ones of the National Library of Scotland (the NLS - a Copyright Library), where all books are read on site.  This means that facilities like Open Access permit me to access material at home which can then lead to more detailed research at the NLS. "	
"In the case of Christine Korsgaard's work, it has permitted me to have access to her writings which is sufficient for me to know which other parts of her excellent work I should examine further. """	0
"The David Heath from this article is my first cousin and we both grew up in the state of Maine. My pride filled aunt, his mother, had mentioned that David was involved in the development of the 3D MRI. My son Nick has 2 rare genetic disorders, Long QT Syndrome and Wilson's Disease. Although the 3D MRI was not instrumental in Nick's diagnostics, we are proud to think that it may be instrumental in helping others. Thanks."	1
"I was reading Merton for an undergraduate History of Science course, the professor mentioned Sharpin's commentary as being excellent supplementary reading but did not make it available. Had my only choice been to pay for the article I would never have read it."	0
"Open Access allows me to view work outside my field without difficulty, promoting inter-specialty communication and collaboration in unanticipated ways."	0
"Sarah Rodman has called my attention to her work because I have written a recent book, TRUMAN CAPOTE AND THE LEGACY OF IN COLD BLOOD, and I've also published articles about Capote and Tennessee Williams.  I am familiar with Deborah Davis's book on Capote's Black and White Ball, also named ""The Party of the Century,"" and want to see Rodman's work out of my scholarly interest."	0
"I am a graduate student part of the way through my dissertation. When I don't have free access to publications, I don't read them. I don't grow, learn, question, or share the article. I don't cite it and I certainly don't remember it. Open access means so much to me as a researcher. I didn't choose this profession for the great pay, especially as a student, so: THANK YOU for providing articles like this at no cost. I look forward to citing and sharing this one."	1
Access has allowed me to add information from sources that would otherwise be unavailable.  This access has helped me to get great research information for my papers. I'm in the BA Health and Human Services program and the information not only gives great information but it also gives great insight as seen from different perspectives.  I will be able to give what I learned back to future students and clients.	0
"I am developing my own statistical consulting business. Skeptical of big data, I remembered hearing news coverage of poor performance of GFT. Here, I was able to read the authors' informed and constructive critique of GFT and the big data movement generally. The authors' original and complete message is considerably more informative than the news coverage was. I found their advocacy for the ""all data revolution"" compelling and instructive as I develop my marketing approach."	0
I will use this in my course on enviromental justice.	0
I was very interested in this debate since I read Sokal. This is a very valuable resource and it was not available to me since I don't belong to any academic institution. Thanks a lot for sharing it!	1
I am constantly looking for examples to share with community college colleagues.	0
"The thesis refers to techniques (inverse Bayesian methodology) I have played a role in developing, and it was great to find out how the author is using the ideas and applying them to another field."	0
Dr. Isotope Geochemistry	
"Head of Stable isotope Unit, INN, Demokritos, Gr"	
	
"Research in Isotope Geochemistry, Stable Isotope"""	0
"We currently have an exhibit on Sanxingdui at the Houston Museum. I am glad to be able to share this information with our docents, thank you for making this accessible."	1
"I am retrieving a copy of Buell (1989) ""The Thoreauvian pilgrimage"" because I am investigating the growth and development of pilgrimage routes and sites in North America."	0
"Hi,"	
"I am xxxx and I am an university teacher and researcher. This document has helped me with my class, with the thesis of my students and with my own research. If the document is not open I simply read an other one. If the document is avaibable I read, comment and cite it."""	0
Dear Elisa:	
	
"I stumbled upon your dissertation today, The Law and Politics of Internal Migration in"	
"Twentieth-Century America while conducting research on my grandparents, Roy and Frances Hulm. My father, xxxx is the tenth of their 15 children. Your work has, there is no other way to say this, blown my mind and has created an unmatched chatter in my family, and will continue to do so for the rest of our lives. My mother xxxx wrote a family history on the occasion of Roy and Frances' 50th wedding anniversary in June of 1969, and some of these stories are documented the family history. But no one, then, had any idea of how significant their life story is to our regional and national history(as expressed in your dissertation). I have yet to fully comprehend, intellectually and emotionally, how significant your research is to my understanding of myself, my family, and our place in these United States. As an academic, I know how strangely insulated the research world can be, so I express my thanks to you and to Harvard for making these stories available. If you have interest, I'll gladly share my mother's sentimental account of the Hulm family and other documents of interest. My grandfather wrote numerous letters to the editor of various papers and letters to politicians throughout his life. A cherished artifact is a photo of him shaking hands with John F. Kennedy. You have my deepest thanks, and I cannot wait to begin hearing from other family members as they read your work, especially my father who turns 80 this year, and who, I believe, has little knowledge of the legal processes his parents went through. Again, thanks."""	1
This access supports my work in spreading the benefits of mindfulness at my hospital and beginning a mindfulness program.	0
I found open access in preparation for a presentation that I will give to military healthcare providers and leaders on mindfulness in an effort to improve the health and well-being in this population. I am grateful for the opportunity to have access to this literature.	1
"I am a 58 year old woman with extensive and unattractive wrinkling on my lower face and at the corners of my eyes. I am considering IPL in the 515 - 1200 nm range provided by a clinic run by qualified doctors expert in dermatology. However, I also seek research from independent and reputable sources to validate or otherwise the efficacy of such treatments and the disclosure of potential side-effects. Having this free access to such information is highly appreciated. Thank you."	1
very good work; highly beneficial to society	0
"I actually work at ASMEPA, Accademia delle Scienze di Medicina Palliativa in Bentivoglio (near Bologna, in Italy). I am writing the recording of a lesson, and as the teacher mentioned Christakis' article, I made a copy of it, as an enclosure to my work. It is a very good thing, to me. It is important."	0
Nice way to give scholars around the world access to 	
"privatized knowledge..."""	0
"Dear Harvard Community,"	
	
"since I am writing my master thesis in marketing & Sales on the Vorarlberg University of Applied Science in Austria with a game theoretical approach regarding the developement of online & offline retailing in times of E- and M-Commerce, this article and the open access is very valuable for me. Many thanks to you. Best wishes"	
"Freddy"""	1
I am a citizen interested en the devolpment of my country.  I think the democracy can help us to achieve a better society. Thanks.	1
I visited Prof. Elgin page	0
I am a public school teacher of psychology.  Being able to access academic articles related to the subject I am teaching is invaluable as I am able to expose my students to high quality research and give them the opportunity to think deeply about certain topics.  Without this sort of access I would be reliant on bits and pieces I could glean from Google.	0
I am a high school science teacher. I came across this article in the MIT OCW articles for a course on biomedical ethics. One of the courses I teach is a college course for seniors in a program called Health Careers Explorations. I think this article would be an excellent reference for this course.	0
"It's really useful to be able to actually read the research and responses, not merely pop-culture and pop-science info"	0
I am a student at Washington University in St. Louis and am happy that the article was made available publicly because I am using it to support my research on a senior thesis project exploring the relationships between the cost of public transit and minimum wage.	0
Sharing knowledge is crucial for the creation of new knowledge. I am writing a book on Asian capitalism and this matter would help me greatly.	0
"Having access to information is paramaount to health professional staff and students. Institutions that do not have enough fundings to purchase the access to a wide range of journals's subscriptions, depend on the charity of other institutions to be able to read useful and important pieces of scientific information. I would say THANKS TO YOUR GENEROSITY!!!!"	1
"I'm a public policy analyst for a non-partisan research organization that helps inform local policymakers and state legislators on a wide range of issues. Prior to this position, I was visiting faculty at Harvard. I spent a decade of my life pursuing various graduate degrees at Ivy League universities where I always had access to the latest scholarly journals. I didn't realize how spoiled I was! The small non-profit where I now work cannot afford subscriptions to expensive academic publications, but my reports often require deep dives into primary and secondary sources. Sometimes I have to send our interns to the local university to find materials for me, but am grateful for ""Open Access"" when I can use it. I hope this service continues. It not only honors the courageous convictions of Aaron Schwartz, but reflects the culture of exploration and free inquiry I knew and cherished at Harvard."	1
"I can get it for free and read it since I am interested in the topic, but could not afford it if I had to pay, and would not read it."	0
I'm doing a PhD and this is and I think I've spotted similar behavior in commodities.	0
This is awesome.	0
How can I convince someone that they can gain control over their attention through mindfulness practice (by which I mean paying attention to their fluctuating attention during a dedicated period of time)?	
	
I can describe this study thanks to Harvard making it available.	
	
All the subjects did was regularly pay attention to the fluctuations of their heart rate and a week later they were able demonstrate an increased control over that physical function.	
	
"Magical means, concrete measurable result."	
	
"Thank you. """	1
I am in college for my Bachelor's Degree in Criminal Justice and Cyber Crime Forensics. This access helps me when I need to do research for my papers.	0
Open access is an invaluable resource with extensive supplemental information. I can find factual information that helps reinforce lecture material without maintaining a subscription to an external website.	0
"I am correcting an end-of-degree dissertation and my student has cited this article. So, I need to read it too. The dissertation is entitled 'Perpetrator Trauma, Haunting and Shame in Rachel Seiffert’s The Dark Room'."	0
"Thank you for access to this information. I'm just reading on my own, grappling with race in America along with everyone else."	1
Research at SOAS in Armenian - Iranian cultures.	0
I have a plenty of reviews and journal from which I can download pdf of articles for free. I can't say this case made me get something I couldn't or if google showed this result before than other... So can't say	0
"While researching a graduate level paper on schizophrenia & how, during early encoding of memory, the anterior right hippocampus shows ""significantly less"" activation than healthy controls (J. Hall, et al, (2010) Hippocampal function in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, Psychological Medicine, Vol. 40, 761-770.) I read the article cited below on the Hippocampus and Imagining the Future. In the DASH article, the anterior right hippocampus is described - even though the phrase isn't used - as the region most closely associated with imagination. One wonders if there might be a parallel here to ADHD manifested by the brain slipping into Theta waves, with hyper-activity an outward demonstration of the need for stimulation. Perhaps our brains also need imagination to function at a certain level in the right hippocampus, and if they cannot, we over-compensate and resort to delusion. "	0
"I retrieve this seminal article by Dan Hazen (""Rethinking Research Library Collections"") on the day that I heard of his death. Hazen's work has been inspirational to me.  "	0
Helped me with my research paper for my high school english class. Thank you.	1
Business Major studying the effects of Unionization and it's relevance in the 21st Century.	0
It provided valuable info to better understand Hummingbird foraging behavior.	0
While I am very happy to be able to use this article in my research into the environmental benefits of RECs. I am disappointed that the tables have not been included.	0
"I am a Mexican student currently in a German Public university. Coming from a middle class family, and having access to whatever public schools can buy. Open Access has a world of knowledge available that has broaden my views of everything around me."	0
I am writing a review paper on how jobs evolve around their incumbents. This paper offers important review of prior work and theoretical context for my work to build on and hopefully take to new level	0
"I work as the Community Outreach Coordinator for the Focused Deterrence gun violence reduction strategy in Philadelphia, PA. Access to articles like this help me keep informed in Criminology topics and theory, allowing me to better inform and conduct dialogue with the community."	0
"Hi Thanks for sharing the article. I am the coordinating chaplain for Baptist Care, the community services branch of the Baptist Churches of South Australia. Part of my role includes supporting and developing programs which support offenders and ex offenders. In particular I look at ways churches as accepting non offending communities can provide support to offenders, especially on release. So studying desistance theory and the insights it provides into how mentoring programs for example can effectively support offender desistance and use their social capital to support offenders overcome blocks to a non offending lifestyle like unemployment is invaluable. So again thanks for sharing."	1
"I am very grateful to be able to make use of this Open Access system.  It has been a valuable resource for me as I prepare for the start of a graduate program in the coming months.  Being a young person and student, access to certain papers can sometimes be obstructed for various reasons (like the inability to afford online memberships, or being caught 'in-between' institutional memberships), and so it is really wonderful to be able to jump around on the internet from place to place and collect research materials without a hitch. I wish there were more open access platforms like this. "	
"	1"	
http://www.facebook.com/doctorjosephmichael	
http://www.linkedin.com/in/doctorjsoephmichael	
"personal development self improvement data"""	0
I'm just a retired biologist who misses his research lab. My surrogates of it are painting [thus still can handle lots of chemicals] and reading about epistemology.	0
Open access helped me educate myself about topics I was not familiar with.	0
"I work at an open access university press in Sydney, Australia and am inspired by the way Harvard is opening up its research to the world and showing so brilliantly how this is positively impacting on people's lives. Nice work Harvard DASH!"	0
I am a 17 years old student in the UK and the access to this article has helped my research of the impact of inequality on growth. Thank you very much!	1
I have been looking for scholarly articles for a biological chemistry course project. Thank you for making this an open access article so I can use it for research.	1
"Quite often Open Acces is the only way I can access many articles, since budgetary restraints prevent my Faculty to subscribe to the most comprehensive on line journals sites such as Jstor, Heinonline and the like."	0
Trying to access again	0
"I am writing on Adam Smith to a blog of my own in Google.For that purpose I was searching for Moran after reading Eugene Heath's article on Adam smith's invisible hand in a recent publication.I am,now,lucky to have some facts to understand Heath."	0
Researching for personal health decisions.	0
"The Open Access helped me access resources for a review of literature related to the use of cameras in monitoring forest phenology. I am planning a research project as an employee of an organization that does not have full access to a lot of science journals, so without Open Access, I would have found it difficult to conduct a thorough review in a timely, cost-effective manner."	0
Helps me with understanding methods used in the protocol. I can then apply them in my work.	0
"The undersigned is a doctoral learner at Grand Canyon University, who is researching articles in support of a class project"	0
"I am reading this article as part of my research for a story on education and the construction industry, to be published in Engineering News Record magazine.  Having this article available will make my story richer in both the facts and opinions that I am able to cover."	0
"I am an independent researcher with interests in the intellectual connections between France and the United States at the end of the eighteenth century. I completed a PhD in history at Monash University here in Melbourne, Australia, 13 years ago. I am not, however, an academic in the university system; my professional working life is in the State public service, so I benefit greatly from open access initiatives such as DASH, to get access to source materials and to try to maintain my research and writing pursuits in the absence of formal academic affiliation."	0
I Don't have to log into the uni network but can start reading the article instantaneously. Thanks.	1
"I am using this, researching the potential of wind for a book I am writing on sustainable energy.  Thank you for making this and other articles available.  This kind of free communication enhances our society by allowing freer flow of information and ideas, which in my opinion can lead to a better world.  Thank you"	1
"This helps some research on the effects of wars, coups, and other forms of political instability on GDP growth."	0
That is a great dissertation. it helped me a lot to understand homologous recombination.	0
I am studying in scotland and find barriers far too often on prices for articles . information should not have a price it should be free so those from further generations are able to advance on the progresses and discoveries we have already made. Coming from a relatively lower class background I can see why just the scholarly prices for articles can put someone off gaining an education.	0
"Open access has substantially enhanced my usage of literature sources, because they can be accessed and checked quickly for their relevance on my research."	
"I am more likely to cite OA references than those from pay-journals."""	0
"Writing a paper on Kant's formulation of Natural Law based on Kant's Groundwork as well as Korsgaard, Glasgow, and Herman's interpretations of Kant. Having access to the Korsgaard paper through this institution is saving my butt *insert thumbs up emoji*"	0
I can not thank you enough for allowing your scholarly papers and some of your courses to be accessible by all via the Internet.	
	
"I was not blessed with a good education, far from it and this grieves me terribly.  As I reached adulthood, I chose to educate myself.  I thought myself to be more proficient in reading and writing and found myself taking to read upon a number of subjects and found my curiosity growing, the more I read and discovered, the more I wanted to find out."	
	
I can not afford the costs involved for an academic education and Would certainly not have dreamt of being able to have gained access to academic papers from such a prestigious institution that is Harvard had it not been for DASH.	
	
I am agnostic and have often pondered as to what had been omitted or added to biblical texts during the formation of the early bibleand this paper goes some way to answering that question.	
	
"By allowing such access to your extensive archives, you have allowed people such as myself the gift, the wonderful, amazing and precious gift of knowledge and learning.  This gift allows people to think, to question more and to open discussion and allow for ideas to grow in the oocess.  I thank you so much."""	1
I am very much surprised. This is a great step for research from a university with the scarse resources as mine. I hope the resulta will be felt sensibly in the foseeable future.	0
It's helping me develop my undergraduate research project.	0
I am a phd candidate of Liuc university in Italy	0
"I am highly interested in the US Civil War. This article's discussion effect of that war around the world (on the cotton industry, and the lives of millions working in that industry) is fascinating to me. "	
"Also, I am a graduate student at Trident University working on a Masters in Emergency Response. I was interested in the effects of railroad infrastructure on economic developments. I was able to gain information (and giving full credit to the source article) on pre-war American dominance in cotton production, and the importance of railroads to development of cotton production in new areas in response to the Civil War cutoff of American production."""	0
"I'm a retired civil engineer who has taken up wildflower photography.  As part of identifying the flowers that I shoot, I became interested in the designation of ""species"". I'm hoping this article will add to my understanding of genetics and morphology of plants.  "	0
Being on top of energy storage developments is critical for my work in the fields of energy an climate change mitigation.	0
Hi Dear	
"I am medical doctor and adiiction science PhD student that study about brain stimulation in nicotine cessation method and biologic change effect between treatments of nicotine addiction this article very importent for make quantitative tDCS effects therefore I thank your services for opening access this article and I will very happy that help me in my thesis.  """	1
I'm a high school guidance counselor and coordinate the CTE programs on our campus. I use the PTP article when talking to school site and district administration to demonstrate the need for Career Technical Education. I also teach graduate course for future school counselors. In my Career course I assign the PTP article to my students when discussing CTE and what it means for our youth.	0
"I am one of the person cited in the article of open access, Andile Maxwell Hawes. I am relatively new in the field of history research but determined to learn more. The article has prompted me to explore why early converts had mostly  male kids mentioned in their history. The people in question is James Dube and Thomas Hawes."	
	
"I have noted that both of them had sisters who were married by Reverend L Daniel in 1858 and James's sister was Nontibane who married Sipanuka from Tafamasi and Thomas's sister was Noziqoko who married Filepi. The early marriages did not consider the family names and particular of women. In the first marriage certificate of Thomas Hawes the family name of the first wife, Unjase is not mentioned and this make it difficult to trace the lineage using the written history. The interesting thing was that the wives will be known by their father's names. Unjase's father was uMnadi from the Cele stock. I have not yet been able to trace Mnandis family. If Mnandi was Christianised, it would be very difficult to trace the family not unless uNjase had an exempted certificate. In this case no records of exempted certificate of Thomas could be traced."	
	
The lesson that one has learnt is that written records can be misleading and should be supported by a very strong oral history which is very difficult to find. The experience has taught me that one should to be able to separate anecdotes which common in black history from historical facts.	
	
Another important tool to research the history of black people is family salutations (Izithakazelo). Izithakazelo are always written in codes which mostly are in a language that is not understood by most people.	
	
The Gobas are known as Jangaza (se) Mbambo and no one can explain the combination of the two words but down the lines it also say nina abamndayi ngambili. Mbambo family name is also found at Mthethwa clan. My conclusion with this mndayi is that it means a nation. I am now inclined to say the Gobas are constituted by the two clans namely the Gobas and the Mthethwas. It is for this reason that tracing the origin of Loel Hawes is difficult. The early families had polygamies and only the matrimonial trace could assist to improve the family tree. The conclusion that I have arrived at is that Mbambela was part of Mbiyane family whose son was Klas/Klaas Goba. The location of houses and the family ties in doing things and photos give me a sense of comfort. Andile also bears the features of Cetshwayo Goba.	
	
	
"In conclusion such article are very useful as they help young historians like me to have a better way of looking at history but not to accepts citations as absolute facts."""	0
"I'm interested in learning about the development of urbanism in early Mesopotamia, with an eye to writing historical fiction set in that time period."	0
This article will help me in my proposed action research	0
"As a ""research outsider"", doing literature research is the first step to becoming an ""insider"". But being an ""outsider"" makes it difficult to access academic journals etc. Open access makes doing literature research accessible for people like me: after ten years of work, I got really curious and wanted to do (PhD-)research. Now I've written a solid, literature-based research proposal. It has to be defended for funding yet."	0
The shared article was really helpful for finding reference to support my paper assignments! It's tremendously helpful to be able to access high quality paper for free. I hope Harvard would do this more often.	0
I am a student in the UW Biomedical Regulatory Affairs Masters program researching the history of FDA guidance documents for a paper and personal knowledge.	0
I am writing a full-length play about Anne Hutchinson during the Free Grace crisis.	0
"I'm a PhD candidate in Spain, I want to express my gratitude to Harvard for sharing this, and other papers, which are absolutely fiundamental for my research activities. "	
"	1"	
(sorry for use Spanish)	
"El libreracceso a este texto me ha beneficiado por la difuicultasd de acceder desde España en condiciones economicas accesibles a textos tecnicos para personas como yo de bajo nivel de renta """	0
"I'm writing my PhD thesis about cross border cooperation issues with an Erasmus Mundus scholarship in the war torn Ukraine. I'm from Hungary and came here to support the idea of integrated Europe even in the East. Without Open Access it would be almost impossible to continue my work in a remote area, where even libraries don't always have the access to otherwise expensive articles. So thank you."	1
It allows me to make an intelligent and accurate statement of facts about women's work in the upcoming exhibit I am creating.	0
"As School Climate Coordinator for a medium-sized college-town school district, I am using this article as one of several to inform the work of a multi-stakeholder (parents, students, community members, teachers, administrators) committee choosing a new climate survey tool."	0
"I am a junior in high school, and the open access of this article has assisted me in writing a research paper about college admissions."	0
I am faculty at a public university. The open access makes searching for journal articles easy and affordable. Fast access makes writing manuscripts more productive.	0
Exam at The Norwegian School of Economics NHH about the correlation between slavery and monetary aid contributions.	0
"I'm writing a discussion of history of science for an international Computer Science conference, and this article is important in that respect. I would assume that computer scientists are unlikely to look up a 1975 history of astronomy article if it isn't readily available to them, and therefore, this open access is important."	0
I am writing a paper on Affirmative Action and its effects in the workplace.  This is paper is for a college course.  This article will be a great resource for the effects of Affirmative Action.	0
"I am a Harvard alum -- I got my first training as a researcher there twenty years ago.  Then I spent a dozen more years at major universities.  After 5 years in an industrial setting, I am working on a biotech startup in a tiny lab with minimal resources.  Science is hard enough in a well-funded research lab, surrounded by bright minds and the best tools.  The access to information is so critical for those of us who are now on the outside of the knowledge-generating powerhouse universities.  Thank you so much for helping to make this more available, so that we can keep trying to do our research and change the world for the betterment of humanity."	1
I'm a bachelor student writing my thesis on the subject of Varieties of Capitalism theory. This article is instrumental in my research and the easy availability of it is a tremendous boon to my research.	0
"Rather than a story, this is a brief note of thanks to the DASH open access program. The article below is essential reading in Chinese syntax, especially with regard to the theory of resultative complements. I am following along with the literature in a ""bottom-up"" fashion as a part of my undergraduate research at a small New England liberal arts college. Thank you for making it so easy to access."	1
Used it as a fun example to explain correlations and regression models to a quantitative methodology class.	0
I am a British family doctor and was rather influnced by a letter published in the British Medical Journal a few years ago stating that running was not a natural activity for human beings and should be left to our four legged cousins. For me it was an excuse not to partake in this strenuous exercise. A few years later I saw	
"a program in TV about human evolution. An experiment showed that Gluteus Maximus only fired,when a subject with electrodes connected to this muscle,started to run. The premise that running is not a natural activity for humans was wrong and since this I have taken up this sport which strangely feels right. Humans have evolved to stand and also  evolved to run. It is wonderful to have access to a scholarly article with more detail about this subject."""	0
"As stated in my previous sharing, I have attended an on-line course offered by Leidein University, Prof Richard Griffiths, n Political Economy. This article was listed there as recommended literature and now, with a forecast of some weeks with free time, I decided to catch up with my readings."	
"I presume this article will support and enlarge the insights offred in the course."""	0
"I have attended an on-line course offered by Leiden University, prof. Griffiths, on Political Economy, trough coursera.org. This article was listed as recommended reading and now, since I have about one month freer than before, I decided to start reading my missing pieces. "	
"It is supposed to support the course materials and offer us a broader picture. At least, this is why I am looking for."""	0
Thanks to this open access I could included a reference without which my paper could not be considered for publication in a good Journal	1
It is always refreshing to know that high quality research and remote free access are not incompatible. Thanks for making this happen	1
"I have been trying to access jounals from home which has been almost impossible, i am a 4th year student at university and need to access journals for my dissertation."	
	
"Thanks very much this has been a great article"""	1
"Open Access allows me to keep up with some of the latest scholarship for free, an indispensable resource for a freelance philosophy student, such as myself."	0
currently i'm spending an exchange semester at uppsala university and this article helps me to understand the highly relevant topic of foreign aid in the field of development economics	0
I am an Msc student studying in UK. I am writing a dissertation about Male and female loss of desire. This paper was very useful to me as it gave  in depth and insightful information about the use of Testosterone treatment  in women and helped to answer and raise questions about the usefulness of such supplements and whether dysfunctions of desire can or should be medicalised.	0
"I study Applied Psychologie at the Hanzehogeschool Groningen in the Netherlands. Right now I'm doing an internship in South Africa at a non-profit organisation called Home of Hope who works with children who suffer from FASD. Since these children often have problems with impulse control I'm writing on a small paper over impulse control with the goal to give some possible interventions. The article of the dual self model helps me as a theoretical base for impulse control, so thanks for giving it out for free!"	
"	1"	
I finished a post-graduate degree 24 years ago and am currently researching a book on cystic fibrosis.  Many of the papers  I need are either unavailable to non students or prohibitively expensive. To be able to access these articles free from my own home in Dublin Ireland is a godsend. Thank you Harvard.  If only all universities were so like minded.	1
"I am currently about to graduate from nursing school and have been assigned a project that is designed to assist myself and other newly graduated nurses with expectations, job projections, and interviewing techniques to expect when attempting to obtain a job. This article was one of the works that I cited in my paper to aid new graduates in the interview process and it was extremely informative and helpful!"	0
"I am a student of mathematics that wants to learn about international politics.  As a student, I usually have access to the articles I desire, but in the two years between my undergraduate graduation and attendance of grad school, I hope to continue my personal education.  Open access helps.  Much thanks.  It strengthens my feeling of community.  We are part of a worldwide community, and open access helps us transcend barriers between country borders and occupations."	1
I am a postgraduate student at King's College London and am working on an urgent assignment. I needed this article quickly and was able to find it and download it thanks to Harvard's Open Access policy of sharing scholarship. I am very grateful for this as it has helped me in finishing my assignment successfully.	1
I was able to have access to a reliable source for my accounting term paper. I am a Canadian student in Cegep. Thank you.	1
I used this article to help get context for a big term paper's thesis.	0
I am a child psychiatrist working at a therapeutic boarding school. Most of my patients have complicated neuropsychiatric conditions which have not responded to typical and accepted treatments.	0
"As an educational coordinator at a province-level archive, this article was very helpful in my planning of a presentation for students in teachers' college on integrating primary sources into lessons and classroom activities centred on social justice."	0
This article provides important background for one of my research papers.  I am a doctoral student at Grambling State.	0
"I am conducting research to counter arguments made by homeowners on a high speed road that bike lanes will decrease their property values. We believe that a ""road diet"" which removes the second, superfluous travel lane and converting it to a buffered bike lane will reduce travel speeds, provide more safety for cyclists, and create a quieter, safer road for the residents."	0
"I'm a freelance journalist who needs to have reliable sources in order to produce good work. Doing research has never been easier than it is in the digital age; doing good research, based on reliable primary sources, remains as difficult as ever. Open Access allows me to produce higher-quality work, which in turn helps keep the standard of journalism as high as it should be."	0
"As a Mexican national, I lived the crisis in 1994-1995. After graduating from the university in 1993, I created my own business with all the drive in the world to push my country into the list of advanced nations. However, the economy was in such distress that within months I was applying for a job since my customers had no money to invest. "	
Today I am researching macroeconomic topics in the MBA focused on my nation and this article provided invaluable help to understand in technical terms what led to the crisis and what the government reaction was to contain the situation. 	
"Thank you for sharing,"	
"Francisco"""	1
"I am an educator in Japan and think it is great that you make undergraduate reports openly accessible to the world because I think it must make plagiarism much more fraught. If a student were to plagiarise then if the report is open access, this act would be far more likely to come back to haunt him or her in later life. People who live in glass houses do not throw stones, so I presume that your students behave with extremely high levels of academic honesty. I wish I were able to publicise my student's work in this way."	
	
"I also found the paper very well researched. """	0
I am working on my thesis.	0
"I'm currently writing a grant proposal in support of changing attitudes in Alaska about college-only definitions of success in public schools.  Alaska Native students in particular have been impacted by the attitudes about college attendance and success.  Although Alaska Native values are often in diametric opposition of the goals of college training processes and even the financially motivated conceptions of success, Alaskan schools still maintain this narrow concept of success.  This article is helping me support our position.  I appreciate the access to quality research.  Thank you."	1
I'm writing an presentation about the health benefits of cultural involvement of individuals for the public health. Thank you for making this article openly accessible.	1
Electronic access is a huge help to research. Thanks.	1
"I am an anthropologist who is developing a website, ""Public Space Magazine."" I use many credible sources in researching topics with some depth in order to give as balanced an account as possible of social issues. Because of this I am dependent on open access. "	0
"Thank you. You have made writing my honours that percent easier with the excellent information being provided generously by your university. What a great idea - to freely share information and knowledge so that anyone on the internet can access academic articles. Harvard, this helps to break down barriers of knowledge superiority and academic elitism, which is amazing to see - more people deserve the chance to learn and enjoy learning without having to pay."	1
It was a fundamental step in my thesis research.	0
For the longest time I've been curious how  things become sacred and with the assertion the something is real or not real.	0
I am a doctoral student at Walden University studying Public Health.  I am interested in chronic pain management.  Thank you.	1
I am writing an article for the student magazine at my uni on the underlying psychological processes behind racism and am accessing this to help build my argument	0
"While completing my book: Emmanuel Levinas and the Jewish Bible,"	
"I was looking for a particular citation from Maimonides on the Shemittah, the Jewish"	
"Sabbatical year.  Just now found it thanks to DASH."""	1
"We are facing precisely this issue. We have ""rediscovered"" a molecule, first made in the 1930's, that has potent activity against pseudomonas aeruginosa. It was apparently never followed up as a potential drug. It was never patented, either for composition of matter or utility, and neither of these options would be possible today due the prior art. It could yet be a very important therapeutic agent. We are trying to find out what creative, alternative paths might be available to provide the economic incentive for drug development of molecules in this situation. The article is directly germane to understanding this issue and defining potential solutions."	0
"An interest in the Holodomor has led me to a study of the nationalities question, the collectivisation campaign and the campaign against the kulaks in early Stalinist USSR. Your resource is proving to be invaluable in shedding light on this period. My alternative would have been to purchase access to the many sources I have been pursuing-- a problem limited by my budget. Thank you so much for providing this library; I plan to explore its contents further."	1
"As a layperson, this sharing allows me to check that what I heard is actually based on a real study. "	
"As a therapist, it allows me to learn and improve. "	
"this particular study is also giving me information I can translate into whatever form is best to help a client understand that their well-being is indeed in their hands, well in their posture in this case...  scientifically proven! It helps skeptics to consider unknown """"truth"""", this one. and others. Thank you for making this sharing available. """	1
It assisted me towards completing my M Phil Degree at UWC a university predominantly black students I am a student at 58 yrs and I am pursuing studies and hope to retire in 2 yrs time	0
"I am writing a paper for class; the scenario is that I am an aid to a republican senator, tasked with explaining climate change in a way that will convince him to change his policy.  Access to this article strengthens my credibility and helps me to strengthen the argument that humans are causing warming with CO2 by disproving the hypothesis that volcanic activity may be the culprit of a majority of increased atmospheric CO2."	0
I am a scholar in the midwest with limited library access.  Harvard's policy of open access is of immense value to me and scholars like me across the world--my work would be so much more difficult without it~	0
related to a research paper	0
"Preparing my defense, this paper was very helpful to get a comprehensive inside into the  GET pathway. Open access was incredibly helpful as I can't pay 30$ and more for every paper I want to read. "	
"Knowledge is power"""" and open access the key!"""	0
"I am a law student. I share law review articles with friends in arts and media about information, property, and citizenship. I am currently in Los Angeles reading about water rights and the semicommons at a public airport that is having me watch advertisements to access the internet to do so. This is a bizarre incentive structure. A democracy functions on easy access to information. The knowledge enclosure has no place in the open society. Thank you for not being an impediment to civic life."	1
I'm a faculty member considering using this paper for a reading for my interdisciplinary course on climate change.  I'm more likely to use an article that I can download easily.	0
"As a wellness coach it's important that I be able to provide evidence for what works, what doesn't, how change can occur. For myself as a learner it's important to find theoretical and research antecedents for the underpinnings of my belief. A service such as this -- easy to access, no cost -- is invaluable."	0
"I am taking a psychology of language course, and access to this article was extremely important in my understanding of child-directed speech. I also used this article in a related project assignment."	0
"Thank you, I needed this article in order to complete my thesis and I didn't know how to find it. Really thank you."	1
"I am an early career researcher and my university unfortunately has access to only a limited number of top journals. As a result, it can be very difficult to research for scholarly work without paying large amounts out-of-pocket. Having open access sources to works from top authors allows me to better research, leading to more conference and journal acceptances, helping my career progress in a time when money is rather tight."	0
Open Access has contributed to the research base for curriculum initiatives and professional development at the Pre-K to 9th-grade bilingual school in Mexico where I work.	0
I´m a graduated student in Salamanca University. Grindle article will help me to finish my dissertation about Conditional Cash Transfers Programs.	0
this looks like a very important document to discuss with workplace safety representatives on a course I am running - most of them work in railway industry. Some have already flagged up the issue of fatigue as a safety concern. It is not an academic course but I think it will be useful (or extracts from it) I will read it properly later.	
"	0"	
Writing an article on US health care.	
"In particular I am trying to understand how the US got to 17% of GDP with regard to health care spending."""	0
"I'm teaching an undergraduate seminar at the University of Toronto.  This article is strangely not available electronically.  The journal, Pacific Philosophical Quarterly, appears not to have permitted on-line access.  Your site has enabled me to make this paper available to the students enrolled in this seminar.  Thank you!"	1
This article assisted me in my Sociology of the Family class greatly.  I used this article in a discussion between how contraceptives were correlated to women's independence.	0
"I am learning about the chronic and acute effects of air pollution on senior citizens.These effect include the cognitive effects on the brain as well as diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.  there should also be indirect effects on the brain from organs that deliver oxygen to the brain i.e. heart and lungs. Furthermore  PM 2.5 and smaller particles that cause inflammation in blood vesels affect all blood vessels so all the organs of the body and their products should  be affected.  In addition, since senior citizens have been around for the longest period of time, they have been exposed to chronic pollution for their lifetime. They are the most likely population to suffer the effects of chronic low level (as well as high level ) pollution. My conjecture is that these health problems may not be a natural problem in the aging population and might be eliminated if pollution is brought under control. So far everything I have read supports this. Open access allows me to follow up on these searches without having to spend money that I do not have."	0
"I am researching behavioral economics in public health in order to identify specific areas of interest before applying to a graduate program. I am not currently in school and have limited access to scholarly material, so Open Access is very helpful to me at this time."	0
"I'm dignified and enthralled to be a victim of this generousity. May your stars, forever and one day, remain the brightest within academic galaxy. My hat is doffed for your kind heart. I'm grateful!"	1
"Access to Amy Cuddy's paper on power positions was so very helpful. we are running our annual volunteer training for our non-profit ""Camp Victory For Children"". We work with children who have experienced sexual abuse/assault/rape. we run a camp for the kids every year and we always start the day in a morning circle with all the campers and adults and we spend time connecting as a group before a full day of crazy fun. the time in the circle has always included power posing!  we didn't call it that, but we teach the campers how to ground yourself and open your body to the group and how to make your voice resonate with power whether saying yes or no.  it's so great to have some research to refer to and site during our trainings, FINALLY!!!  thank you for making it readily available and also quite easy to find. I'll be back to browse other info. "	1
"Faith has gotten me through everything. Not saying there are not valleys or I that I have not questioned my faith, but faith is all we have. "	
"If we focus inward, we get wrapped around the axile as they say. If we focus outward and be the person we are called to be, we get out of own own head."	
"Thank you!"""	1
"I used to be terrified of public speaking. Through several techniques, one of them being power posing, I was able to destroy glossophobia and today I've given over a thousand presentations. I am currently working on a book which will help those who suffer from this affliction, and I would like to also quote from your research (and of course, give all credit to the researchers) Thank you for your work."	1
It is so convenient to be able to access and find all the articles I need for my research. I really appreciate the access that the Harvard Library system gives us. I am writing a literature review on bilingualisma and Alzheimer's Disease.	0
This article is incredibly helpful to me as a high-school student studying the BP Oil Spill in order to assess U.S Law revolving around Deepwater Horizon. This is in preparation for my upcoming work at the Washington Area Model UN Conference. Thank you for making this available for students like myself.	1
"Years (and years, and years, and years...) ago, I was a graduate student studying Religions and ""religious studies"" at Colorado U and UC Berkley.  Then, if I had a lark to find something new, or read about some study, I could just use CCI and the school would find me the article."	
	
"Now, I still have those moments, when I just want to know what the current thoughts are on some slightly more obscure issue - an issue where """"google"""" and """"wiki"""" are not really your friend.  But I'm old, and don't have access to academic articles easily.  This is a great resource for just letting me learn some """"off the cuff"""" question about what the modern thinking is on whatever (usually religious - never stray too far from home) matter that pops into my head."""	0
"As a professor at a small liberal arts college that cannot afford to subscribe to all the journals in my field, it is very important to me to be able to find open access work."	0
"I am a graduate student at the California Institute of Integral Studies in Transformative Leadership. I am taking a class with theoretical physicist, David Peat, entitled, Synchronicity. We are studying divination."	0
I am working on a paper related to idiosyncratic jobs (designed around their incumbents).	
Very helpful review article that points me to related work. I have not been in touch	
"with this literature for awhle and this is excellent paper to help me get up to speed."""	0
MBWA	0
open Access helped me access useful scales to be included in my honours thesis and research.	0
Thanks for providing this excellent resource for my PHD Thesis!	1
THANKS	1
"I work for a the Austin Independent School District, and we do not have access to all journals. This research will greatly benefit my department in the development of student, parent, and teacher surveys."	0
We are going to read this book in a world literature meetup.com group.  I found this article and it is going to help me get somebody else's perspective on this piece of literature.  I am excited about having access to scholarly articles.  I was a student of German and French literature of many years ago.	0
"I am absolutely delighted that Fredric Cheyette's brilliant and path-breaking dissertation on the French church and the Parlement of Paris will now be available freely throughout the world.  Fred and I have known each other for many years, since we were both graduate students studying with Charles Taylor at Harvard and doing research in the archives and libraries of France.  We have shared discoveries and ideas since the mid 1950s (particularly concerning ""feudalism""), have collaborated on a joint research project, and have known and admired a host of fine historians from many parts of the world.  We have entered the digital world together, and have profited from (and been frustrated by) much of what it has brought.  I have urged Fred for many years to have his thesis scanned and made available to the many people throughout the world who are interested in his research and what he found when he worked in the rich archives of the Parlement of Paris.  I am overjoyed that he and Harvard are making the thesis accessible, and I will be announcing the good news to a group of Capetian historians organized in Paris under the direction of Elisabeth Lalou, Dominique Barthélemy, Xavier Hélary, and Romain Telliez, first by email, and then at our meeting in Paris at the Sorbonne on 21 March 2015.  They will be as happy as I am to learn of its availability."	0
Thank you! This is really helpful for my Modern Chinese Literature final paper as an undergraduate.	1
This article on the history of books is useful for my studies in Information Sciences .	0
"As a health care journalist, being able to access Harvard research not only helps me get facts right but helps all the readers, viewers and listeners that my work will reach. That's a good thing."	0
"I am a German PhD student who is going to submit his thesis, written in English,  next week. I had some people check and review my thesis and some of them told me that my English was really bad. So, I thought: ""Native speakers should now how to write in English and Harvard-Grads probably provide excellent sources for well-written manuscripts"". "	
	
"Thank you for giving me the chance to learn from your alumni."""	1
"I am currently a freshman at Baker College in Auburn Hills, Michigan and was able to use this in my essay for my Comp 1 class. Thank you so much for having it available and so easily accessible."	1
I hike in this area very often throughout the year.	
It helps to have an understanding of the background	
"when exploring these Pueblo ruin sites."""	0
"Thank you for providing access free to scholarly articles. I am undertaking a research project (as a volunteer) for an NGO that has essentially no budget to assist in the research. This means there is no budget to purchase journal subscriptions or individual journal articles. As a recent grad school graduate, I no longer have access to the digital libraries of the universities I studied in and purchasing a community membership to the nearest university library (an hour from my home) entitles me only to access digital articles at the university. Finding free scholarly content online is very helpful for my research."	1
"Open Access enabled my access to this article, as well as to the citations contained in this article.  Truly knowledge unfettered!"	0
"Retired senior economist. At present, translation review callaborator on books on economics."	0
"We were researching the book Animal Farm's Characters corruption in reference to their power, and this was an interesting new way of looking at their corruption."	0
"inadequate regulation and oversight under the receiving records of HACCP and ISSC for depuration facilities has lead to fraud and racketeering in Monmouth County, New Jersey."	0
"I am conducting research on how the insights from neuroeconomics and neuroscience can be extended to regulatory regimes and actors.  Intertemporal choice influences the preferences and decisions of all regulatory actors: regulatory authorities, regulated entities, final consumers etc."	0
aa	0
With the integretation of the world into a Global Village (like Asterix & Obelisk) this (DASH) is a stellar initiative - Thanks!	1
today is my first visit/access.     I've begun researching nutritional issues after stumbling onto the realisation that certain disability/aging issues which i'd encountered were in fact dietary deficiencies.	
	
"One relevant study reported that increased dietary omega-3 intake increases the required intake of alpha-tocopherol (to protect the unsaturated bonds from oxidative corruption... ."""	0
I thoroughly approve. The point of academic research is to be read.	0
"I write locally about building social and ecological resilience. This is an important article that is available to me as I work with my local community as a volunteer.  I no longer have a university affiliation for accessing scholarly articles, so this will benefit the community as we work to ensure that the coastal Cape Fear River watershed is sustainable."	0
"I did a search on the Apocalypse of James for scholarship on dating and came across this Dissertation, which I will now cite.  I study Latin hagiography in a later period so it was helpful to read the section on dating and the Consensus of the original language."	0
I want to apply for a PhD in Oslo and the article is relevant to my proposal	0
I'm a Harvard collage alum '05 interested in preparing to apply for PhD programs.  Since I am not currently affiliated with an academic institution I do not have access to closed journals.  Open Access allows me to explore the field for areas I may be interested in focusing on for my writing statement and in selecting the best programs for me to apply to.	0
"I gather research for my practice regularly, and much comes through Harvard researchers. I've always enjoyed the reading the material and knowing the integrity of such research is solid"	
"I'm a Registered marriage & family therapist intern and co-founder of The Chiles Academy, a public charter school serving pregnant teens and their children in Daytona Beach, Fl. in addition to serving the academic and personal needs of our students, I consult for our Early Head Start Program,  as well as adult clients in private practice."""	0
"I teach undergraduate statistics. Presently, we're taking a correlational look at the 50 U.S. states, including variables such as murder rate, percent gun ownership, percent support for marriage equality, Gini coefficient, and the like. I needed a useful measure of racism to add to the mix: Thanks!"	1
I´m a master degree student and this article it´s really useful for my research.	
"Thanks a lot!"""	1
"I have an essay to submit on this subject, my university library has only three copies of a seminal text so this article will be invaluable for my research."	0
I'm trying to build a complete bibliography of the evolutionary adaptations to persistence hunting on my website http://www.nutritionequation.org.  This article is a pretty important element.	0
I am a full time employee who is also a part-time graduate student.  Open access makes it easier to fit in finding source material when I am unable to go to the library.	0
"This has been very helpful in motivating Masters students to pursue research in the topic.  Easy access has made it possible to answer many questions that raise in the classroom and this paper quickly indicated the ideas and directions to pursue to answer the questions and simultaneously leading to new questions.  This facet is most rewarding as students realise that they are thinking like scientists, technocrats and researchers."	0
"I am a student at a smaller university, and having free access to certain journals without having to log into my university library's website helps me complete my studies and research quicker sometimes."	0
I am able to use this information for my Capstone paper at St. Edward's University.	0
"Great, I am workingon my thesis about the language used in news TV brooadcasts and this article to which I have been drawn by Allan Bell, The Language of News Media seems very interesting for my work. Thank yoou for the open access."	1
I found some sources for my Master's Thesis from this and also ended up citing the article itsself! It was hard finding this specific information elsewhere so I was very happy to find this article open access!	0
The Open Access allows me to access credible sources for research papers through school without going to the annoying hassle of Databases. Open Access pops right up in Google searches.	0
"I was able to read a book for an essay online, instead of purchasing it.  Thanks Open Access!"	1
"Open Access has greatly benefited my research.  I am currently on sabbatical, working on a book about the chemical philosophy of Robert Boyle, and having access to journal articles through Open Access has been invaluable in advancing this research project."	0
It was awesome that I didn't have to pay for this!	0
"I am a librarian at Vancouver Island University, on the Canadia side of the Pacific NorthWest. I accessed the article here (http://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/3228379/blair%202003.pdf?sequence=2) because of a Twitter conversation some other library and Higher Ed folks are having about just how persistent and perennial the ""new"" problems we face with students regarding information overload, undisciplined study habits, a propensity for surface learning... the classic terrain for any grumpy curmudgeon in academia complaining about ""kids these days."" I can access this whole article ""Reading Strategies for Coping with Information Overload, ca.1550-1700"" and discuss the timelessness of workarounds and shortcuts taken among the scholarly community to cope with information overload. It's not about the net gen, folks. It's about being human. And look here, I have easy access to the evidence that proves such an assertion. Thanks, OA. And thanks, Harvard. "	1
Not having access to J-Stor and the like may explain it all. I am an independent researcher and reader who has limited financial means and access to journal articles. DASH is one of the few ports of entry into current thinking on such subjects as the Enlightenment. Current research on the Enlightenment has changed dramatically over the years and one can only afford to purchase so many [and there are many] books on the subject. DASH provides needed illumination -- and I thank you.	1
"I am working on my doctoral dissertation on a related topic, and this article is beneficial for my literature review. Thank you!"	1
This article is helping me with my high school science fair project.  I am examining this topic in relationship to my own research.	0
"I assess and treat autistic children since 1980; thus, I have seen a great number of such patients either for a short time [assessment] or for a long time [psychoanalytic treatment]. Some of them had a huge improvement, other not."	
"I never gave up the quest for better understanding and treating this disorder, trying to make links and creating a dialogue with other disciplines. We psychoanalysts know in depth how our individual autistic patient functions, how his mind works, but we lack data on other fields. Cross-fertilization of ours and others experience is an important endeavor, and being able to access current studies about the subject is  a starting point. """	0
Very useful to get information for research for our business that is from a highly reputable source.	0
"Hi - I am an ESL teacher currently working at the Vancouver Island University in British Columbia, Canada. I have been teaching ESL for over twenty years  both here in Canada and overseas in the Middle East and all the while I have had a singular goal in mind - to develop a better explanation of how English grammar works - a new paradigm - but one that is easily adapted to by those currently teaching under the 'Simple Present Tense' paradigm. "	
"Learning that Irregular verbs have a half-life inversely proportional to the frequency of usage fits very nicely with my ideas regarding the 'past participle.' The name may have historical significance, but the regular verb 'ed' suffix has a greater role to play than simply to refer to the past. I hope to incorporate this information in a future presentation on the interpretation/understanding of the present & past participles within the new paradigm - outlined in my paper """"An Alternate View of English Grammar"""" published in the proceedings of the TESOL Arabia 17th Annual International Conference held in Dubai, UAE in 2011. """	0
I am a high school student currently researching about medical ethics for a debate in class. I don't have the means to pay $20+ for each journal that I need and Harvard's Open Access has made my search for sources much much easier.	0
"My National Geographic arrived and I saw an article on ancient cities.  Since my passion is history and archaeology, I googled it."	0
Living in a developing country it is difficult to get access to contemporary literature. This type of opportunity can help the global intellectual community to understand and learn about their own interested areas. I am grateful to Harvard Community  for their effort and recommending to increase the boundary of open access services to their contemporary literatures.	1
"At first, I thank you for the initiative of providing a space where one can share a vision regarding the (great) benefits of having public access to scientific texts. Actually, I started studying dynamic financial analysis some months ago, but the many hard subjects which form this body of knowledge also started to require some investment on them, so to allow me to make progress in dfa. Among the very interesting subjects are undoubtly stochastic processes and their applications, like asset pricing, for example. To say a little more about my story, although working for an insurance company in Brazil, studying these subjects is more of a personal endeavour than hoping they will some day give me space to apply them in my daily routine."	1
Reading for an online unit In business studies at an Australian universiyty	0
"I've just moved to a small think tank that does not have unfettered access to Jstor. In my new role I've been asked to comment on trade deals in the media, and I think I can provide better answers if I have access to academic writings on the topic. That I was able to access this article will help me in the future."	0
"I am collecting information on the positive effects of body psychotherapy. I am working for a small institute in dance and body psychotherapy, and we cannot afford a professional research account. Therefore it is difficult to have high quality scientifc backup for our work. Through open access we can explain the effects of body psychotherapy scientifically, which is a great support for us since body psychotherapy is still not fully recognized as an effective method in Germany."	0
I am interested in the effects of power posing and fascinated by the current research.  I am a doctoral student in school psychology at UNC.  Thank you for sharing.	1
I'm writing an introductory textbook of botany in my maternal language. This paper was determinant for me to understand the evolution of cell wall lignification in vascular plants and to write a coherent description of the first steps of tracheophytes evolution.	0
Scholarship is never a straight line. 	
"Having access to papers that are caught in the zinging and sagging is indispensable.  -BEC"""	0
Hi	
	
"I'm a economic student in Sweden writing a paper on how studentes reacts to governments debt, and it is useful to read related articles on the subject."""	0
It will be a reference to a study currently conducted on conciliation of work and family life in Dominican Republic	0
I needed to create gmo plants at home and this was the best resource	0
"I am a doctoral student with limited funding for the purchase of quality articles.  It is difficult to locate recent articles related to my study topic on my school's library site, so the sharing of current scholarly articles is beneficial to me because I do not have to wait for my school librarian to try to procure an article in time for me to review and write about it, or to wait then find the school can't obtain the article."	
	
I genuinely appreciate the Harvard community for sharing in the true spirit of scholarship.	
"	0"	
"I'm  in a regenerative medicine PhD Programm, That's why Open Acess is so important"	0
"We are two students of Law in University of Lancashire(Cyprus), taking part in a debating competition on the complete abolish of vivisection. We needed resources on the subject. Thank you very much for the Article."	1
"Being able to access a lot of different websites to find out more about Kantian ethics is extremely helpful especially as I am in a degree year, this website has been a great deal of help"	0
"I am an International Baccalaureate diploma student at one of the most challenging public high schools in Wisconsin -- Rufus King International School.  Unfortunately, our school is also inner-city, very large, and very poor.  The IB program requires many academic papers to be written, which would be impossible without free online resources since our school cannot afford database access.  ""Racism and Research"" will be the keystone article to my assessment for History of the Americas."	0
Having Open Access really made my life much more convenient. I would find it quite difficult to get these readings otherwise.	0
"I'm a librarian and I know how to dig and find things, but open access is really a beautiful thing.  Thanks for making this citation so easy to retrieve.  Like magic."	1
"Not much of a story, but I am very appreciative. I am reviewing a manuscript that cites this article. If I were at my desk at the University where I teach access would not be a problem. But at home surmounting the various barriers can be frustrating. So I was delighted when I found I was able to access this article directly via Google Scholar."	
"I remain anonymous because I am reviewing a paper. """	0
I'm an instructor at a community college.  I regularly seek scholarly journal articles to support claims made in class.  It helps to have this free access to scholarly works!	0
"I am considering using this piece as supplemental reading for the Ethics lecture in my Experimental Psychology class.  Being that the Tuskegee study  prompted the generation of the Belmont Report, this article caught my interest."	
	
"Shanta"""	0
Reading article for a DH seminar.	0
"I had to read this for one of my college Sociology classes, thanks for making it easy to find and available for free!"	1
"This article is so useful for my A-Level English. Due to the controversial nature of Lolita, I have previously been unable to find such an in depth and concise essay- Thanks!"	1
"My name is xxxx and I am the Supervisor of Organic Certification for the NJDA.  I was asked to give a presentation on the use of genetically modified organisms in organic agriculture at the New Jersey Vegetable Grower's Association convention in Atlantic City this coming week. I am using your document to remind myself of the history of OFPA and the regulations in terms of OFPA did not specifically include a prohibition on GMOs, but after many negative comments during the public comment period, the regulations had to be changed to prohibited them.  Your document was perfect for me in that regard."	0
This article provides facts and evidence that support our platform's purpose. Thank you for your time and effort to create this insightful article.	1
"It is amazing to think that institutions could open articles to the public. I currently have access through my university, however I can't imagine losing that access after graduation, if I am to. What's more, I consider the years before college as ""years lost"" because I would have found many articles fascinating and reading them would have improved my overall understanding of the world, as I feel they have now, much sooner. Opening articles to a general public would benefit all of humanity, in my opinion. I'm sure I'm wasn't the first ill-informed teenager who was frustrated by teaser abstracts and gave up after not finding the actual text on Google. Keep this up! It's a step in the right direction. Knowledge like this shouldn't be privileged information."	0
"I appreciate the access to one of the premier universities in the world for my research about various models of leadership and how to relate that to my master's program. Without this free access, I would not have received the benefits of substantial proof for my thesis. Many thanks!"	1
"I graduated with my Master's Degree in December 2013. A few months ago, I lost my science papers that I used for my Thesis paper. I am revising that Thesis paper to submit to a journal. Thank you so much for the article. I am currently looking for a PDF file of all the articles that I used for my References."	1
"We are Growth & Justice, a progressive policy research and advocacy organization in Minnesota, and highly supportive of the career pathway strategies that are explained and advanced in this paper."	0
"I am doing related research. One of my PhD students mentioned this paper, and I found that this paper is interesting. That's why I downloaded this paper."	0
"I am an undergraduate at The University of Alabama at Birmingham, writing about UNICEF for a class. This work was very helpful."	0
"I am a graduate researcher undertaking an internship with LGBT rights advocacy and research group in Mumbai, India."	0
It helps my private research in economics.	0
"My Name is xxxx, i am 17 and I am living in the beautiful mountains of Austria."	
I am doing some research here for my school leaving examination this spring. 	
"Part of this is to write a diploma thesis about any topic I am interested in. I made the decision to write about the epigenetic influence on human body. I do not really regret my choice, but it is quite hard to write an scientific diploma thesis about a topic which is not really verified at all! Most of the parts I am writing about are based of american studies that really impress me! After all I am quite happy to write and research a topic like that, even if it means i have much more work (doing all that translations) than anyone else has during their work."	
"I am really thankful about this studies beeing online! Many thanks from Austria!"""	1
"i'm building a site of the Viena Circle so this invaluable material. the site is now under construction and it's in spanish, but if you really want to visit the web adress is www.elcirculodeviena.wordpress.com"	0
"I am a high school teacher trying to go beyond the basics of what my seniors are charged with knowing about writing--narrative, descriptive, argumentative, expository--and the standard curriculum of research. In talking with my former students, at no time in their high school careers were they exposed to philosophical ethics, a discipline and writing style that they all agree would have been advantageous for them to know going into college.  Therefore, while I may be deviating from my set curriculum, I believe my job is to prepare my students for college, and your Open Access has allowed me to gather resources for my students.  I thank you, from Kansas City."	1
"I am a returning scholar, completing a degree I should have, but for a myriad of life changes did not, complete 1 credit. Things have changed so much since when I read at Swarthmore. Research and literature searches were labor intensive projects, often requiring travel to get copies of journal articles. With DASH I can at least do the reading from my desktop, and save the travel for getting face-to-face with informants."	0
Thanks for making this open-access. I was able to spot very important information in this paper.	1
This is extremely useful for my doctorate application. I've finished my master degree. Thank you ^^	1
I was able to share this with my non profit staff that works on education policy issues.	0
"I am hoping to get a place on an Oxford PhD scheme and for this I have to put together a mini project proposal. It is hard to put together an application that is academically rigorous without citing a range of literature, and it is not possible to cite literature unless you have read it. Without access to journal articles such as this, it would be very difficult to create a well referenced document and would skew favour towards potential candidates who could afford/were already enrolled in institutions that could afford the widest journal access. So thank you for making this document open access - it might help land me a PhD :)"	1
I teach an upper division art history class (ARTH 183A) on ancient Mesopotamia and Egypt at San Jose State University.  My colleague teaches the first of the art history surveys that includes a discussion of ancient Mesopotamia.  This is a wonderful article that we are thrilled to be able to access.  Thank you!	1
"My son in Law has an opinion that all vaccinations are harmful because of the addition of ""Aluminum, Mercury and other chem's added will cause harmful effects to new born's.  Such as Autisim, and other learning disorders!"	
"As  great Grandfather, having been given these medications in the early Thirty's perhaps he addition of newer chemicals has created issues that he claims Stanford University came out with a study. """	0
I am writing a chapter on learning colleges for a handbook to be published this year. My first work to be published as part of a major project. Thanks for the access and to the authors of this work for their publication.	1
"Great study. Reading it I couldn't help but think of my own situation - I work in IT for a government related organization which is trying desperately to outsource my job to India. Management is headed to Bangalore next week in fact. Based on this, I suspect our corporate culture is going to have to change beyond offering internships to teens."	0
"We are researching how to help youth at risk in Camden, NJ and this report is both instructive and inspiring."	0
I am completing specialization courses for the Doctor of Business Administration (Healthcare Management) program.  The article has helped to deepen my understanding of the challenges and issues faced by individuals in health institutions.	0
"Hi! thank you for sharing a lot of very useful scientific works... I appreciated very much the article i downloaded... I'm writing my medicine graduation thesis, on melanoma and SNPs, and time is not so much... after a very hard work to collect all the articles i need, I've almost finished the paper, but at the end, i need some proven data about the meaning of all the work on SNPs that's going on... So thank you very much for your study, it's what i need, and it's free."	1
Using this article while researching for final year of undergraduate science course at Cambridge University.  Many thanks!	1
"This paper has greatly helped my understanding of the topic. It is highly readable, and I particularly appreciate it's historic perspective on the evolution of pricing and reimbursement in the US pharmaceutical market. Most guides in the industry neglect to provide this perspective."	0
"I am a cybersecurity professional who is often called upon to speak on issues that affect personal, commercial and natoional security.  The audience is often not receptive to the messages I am charged with delivering.  My experience is that my nonverbal body language is either an asset or a detriment in these situations - one or the other.  If that i the case, then I need nonverbal to work as an asset.  If nonverbal can provide additional benefit as a preparation prior to an engagement, then that needs to be understood and exploited as well.  "	
	
"The stakes for me are often high.  I will use any tool to improve my chances of successfully delivering my message.  """"Successful delivery"""" means the audience will take action to improve their over-all cyberdefense posture and capabilities.  We can ask Target, SONY and the Iranian nuclear program (Stuxnet) about the consequences of a low cyberdefense standard. "	
	
"So thank you for making this research article available to the public. """	1
My email and phone data hacked by skeebo305@gmail	
"I need my info bsck"""	0
Thank you for the use of this article. I am using quotes as part of an example for my business ethics class at Arizona State University.	1
I'm a 16 year old secondary school student in the UK. I fully support this initiative to make education accessible. It has really helped me writing and referencing essays that I'm sure are preparing me well for my years of further education.	0
Community Hospital (non profit) board member reading file	0
"My mother was Marjorie Stoddard, a nurse with the Harvard Medical Unit in Belfast during time.  She treated my father, a private in Patton's 5th army, at this hospital. They married the next year. Figure 2 on page four has my mother in row 2 second from the right."	
"Marjorie graduated New England Baptist Hospital in 1938 in Boston; this hospital was associated with Harvard Medical."""	0
Very useful in teaching architecture	0
"I'm an undergraduate at the University of Essex, and this article was required reading."	
"The copies of Book History Reader that contain it are in high demand in our campus library, so having digital versions we can read enables us to be able to read and study the text as asked."	
"Thank you Harvard."""	1
"Hello everyone! Open Access has made it so easy for me to get important papers for the development of my previous master's thesis project and actual PhD's thesis that I no longer need to worry about the time-consuming search of publications available to fully reading, allowing me to invest that time on the development of my project. It is relieving"	0
"I am teaching a class at ICLRU (Institute of Continued Learning at Roosevelt University, Schaumburg, IL.  Peer led/non-credit.  My degree is Foods & Nutrition; some graduate credit in Consumer Affairs, NIU and U of I.  Class title: All About Food - one segment deals with Politics of Food and the safety or lack of safety  of U.S. food supply.  Background: Quartermaster Food & Container Institute for the Armed Forces, located in Chicago until it was moved to Natick and renamed during the Kennedy administration.  I first became aware of HAACP I worked for 10+ years during seasonal work for Butterball Turkey Company.  Eventually I hope to distill the segments of the class deemed of greatest to a book."	0
"Hello, I'm doing a module on community health and relating it to COPD. Often access to articles is very difficult. Open access makes things easier and helps me get on with my work."	0
"PeerPower ( http://www.peerpoweeinc.com ) provides student percentile rankings in their school, school district and state to parents and students based on their standardized test scores (states don't usually provide percentiles). This research helps me show my customers how percentile rankings help students perform better. Thank you!"	1
this article has brought thoughtful insight to my research on a Negro TN physician.	0
"My husband has intractable epilepsy, made 300x worse by temporal lobectomy for dysplasia. Our neurologist is not proactive about researching treatments and the prescribed drugs only treat the manifestation of seizures without affecting the disease. Using this type of free access research we have been able to introduce well researched phytonutrients like curcumin and grape seed extract phytosomes. Knowing that virtually 100% of Luke's seizures occur within an hour of awaking, we are currently researching chronopharmacological approaches. Luke's quality of life has improved immeasurably due to our ability to research and safely try out photochemical supplements - implementing a low dose anti inflammatory protocol that trending research shows holds hope for a cure. Who knows, some day Luke may be able to return to an interrupted journalist career; when that happens it will be because we were empowered by the research to continuously seek improvement over the status quo."	0
"I study Diamond Science and Technology; currently undertaking an optional module in Biomedical optics and applications; have to write a 3000 word review and a presentation on this particular paper, so you've saved me half hour of searching for access."	0
"Open access makes it possible for a non-academical organization to take advantage of new insights, knowledge and develop further insights that can enable progress in our respective fields of work. Open access helps to close the ever known Gap between industry and research, and promote a more collaborative environment that hopefully would lead to further production of knowledge and will have a positive impact on innovation."	0
"After getting my PhD I left academia and started working for a national regulatory institute that does not have access to all scientific databases. Much of the literature on behavioral economics is relevant for the work i do now, so i'm super happy to be able to access papers this way. Thanks!"	1
"I am a Master student in Educational Sciences of the Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Brussels. I am currently writing a proposal with the intent of applying to a PhD Scholarship, so I can continue my studies. Allowing free access to publications is crucial for students around the world conducting research in various fields. It is a welcoming exception to the daily frustrating occurrence of locating an article crucial for our work only to discover that access is denied unless we pay a fee, which, for most of us, in not affordable, especially when considering the high number of articles necessary to write a paper/thesis."	0
Article has made me think.	
	
The article states:	
"Observations and some theory thus suggest that deglaciation increases volcanism."""""	
	
The article does not look at typical distribution of glaciation and typical volcanism on the planet.	
	
Perhaps the statement should be made causal rather than as an effect off.	
"Increased volcanism causes deglaciation, decreased volcanism increases glaciation."""""	
	
"It is perhaps the """"cause of"""" not an """"effect of""""."	
	
Volcanism's heat is 3/4 underwater.  Volcanism is three mid ocean ridges in southern hemisphere and southern circumferencial around Antarctica.  Variation in this southern heat source drives heat transfer south to north and hence glaciation.  The south does not get glaciation it is northern.  Mid ocean ridge and flood basalt is majority underwater.	
	
Volcanism is variable. Variation is capable of climate changes as recorded based on analysis by order of magnitude.	
	
"G.A. Shubert, D.L. Turcotte, P. Olson; 2001, “Mantle Convection in the Earth &"	
Planets”; The Press Syndicate of the University of Cambridge.	
"p 128 for values, graphics p24 (b/w) - p208 (color plate)"	
Continents (& shelves) 65 mW/m^2 over 2 x 10^8 km^2 producing 1.30 x10^13 Watt	
Oceans 101 mW/m^2 over 3.1 x 10^8 km^2 producing 3.13 x 10^13 Watt	
Total 4.43 x 10^13 Watt	
This is 4.43 x 10^13 Watt at 60 s/m x 60 m/hr x 24 hr/day x 365 day/year = 1.397 x10^21 Joules/year	
Joules per annum.  1.397x10^21 J/annum 3.13/4.43 of this underwater.	
	
"Ocean 5,590 x10^18 kJ/K {5 thousand}[1,335 x10^18 kg @ 4.187 kJ/K/kg] raises 0.0002 degrees C per annum"	
	
Air 5.179 x10^18 kJ/K {5 point}[5.148 x10^18 kg @ 1.0061 kJ/K/kg ] raises 0.196 degrees C per annum	
	
"Temperature does not continually rise so this """"volcanism heat rise"""" is taken up by emission to space and generally """"balanced""""."	
Current rate of change measured at +1.02 degrees C in 105 years is 0.0097 degrees C per annum. 0.0097 is 5% of 0.196.  5% variation of underwater volcanism levels does it.	
	
5% variation not hard to imagine!	
	
Perhaps the statement should be made causal rather than an effect off.	
"Increased southern ocean volcanism causes northern deglaciation, decreased southern ocean volcanism increases northern glaciation""""  and you can quote me as the person who recognised it."""	0
"In the process of copy editing academic papers and doctoral dissertations relating to  disciplines ranging from business to chemistry, I often have to educate myself in specialized terminology and concepts previously unknown to me. The paper I read on your site helped me to prepare for my editing work."	0
Google	0
Open access to this article made me aware of the importance of networks and  i would not have heard of it otherwise.	0
citing as reference in paper on longevity and aging. health risks	0
Having access to dissertations from your library is a tremendous help to my research.  Thank you.	1
                                                     	
                                                                MONSIEUR   LE  DIRECTEUR	
                                                    	
   	
Objet : Demande  D’ emploi .	
 	
"Monsieur ,"	
                          J’ ai  L’ honneur  de   vous  solliciter  de votre haute bienveillance de bien vouloir	
 m’accorder ma demande d’emploi.	
              j’ai une diplôme Technicien Supérieure en fiscalité et agent de saisie et je joins ma présente demande par mon C.V .	
"             En espérant monsieur le Directeur que vous vous voudrez bien prendre ma demande en considération, je vous prie d’agréer monsieur l’expression de mes salutations.     """	0
"I am doing a review on the suicide subject to present it at the 50 anniversary of the Mexican Association of Practice, Teaching and Research of Psychoanalysis in Mexico, next February 2015"	0
"I'm writing a blog post about racism as it relates to social issues. I would love to have access to scientific articles so that I can be more knowledgeable about my subject and create a more nuanced discussion with the public, but usually this is off limits. I cannot afford to pay $30 for every article I would read! I am college educated, so I know how to read journal articles, but since I am no longer in college I have been cut off from accessing them. When I discovered that this was available to me I got very excited. I hope that this trend continues, so that science may enhance society as it was meant to, rather than gathering dust on digital shelves that benefit no one."	0
Thank you for making Elastic energy storage in the shoulder and the evolution of highspeed	
"throwing in Homo available at no cost to me. Several years ago, I independently started to look at this very unique and important human skill: throwing. I am retired and have limited financial"	
"resources, so it is important to me to have access to scholarly work at a discount or for free."	
Some of the highest paid employees in the world make their living by throwing. Take for	
example major league baseball players: pitchers in particular. Baseball is not simply a great	
"national sport, it embodies human greatness including codes of conduct. Thank you America for"	
"encouraging and promoting this great sport and football as well."""	1
"I am reading this story because everyone in our family has been affected, if not killed, by doctors indoctrinated by pharmaceutical companies.  "	
	
"It is very refreshing that Harvard has medical students intelligent and ethical enough to oppose this extremely harmful influence in medical education and practice.   Thank  you Harvard University, for serving the public interest.  Also: The Harvard Civil Rights Project report is very helpful in advocacy: """"Opportunities Suspended: the Devastating Consequences of Zero Tolerance.""""  We are talking about endangerment of the entire pediatric population with cognitive diversity and other minority status.  Please keep up the excellent work (which one would expect as a public service from all universities.  To the those with the finer minds at Harvard, Thank You.)"""	1
"Open Access has immensely helped me in development of my research paper on materialism and consumerism. It is an unparalleled resource, a fount of information. Thank you."	1
I teach an undergraduate level social work course focusing on human systems on the mezzo and macro levels.  Having many forms of information available to students enhances the learning environment.	0
"I have just read Mr Mattthew Pott's dissertation on Cormac McCarthy (The Frail Agony of Grace: Story, Act, and Sacrament in the Fiction of Cormac McCarthy) - finishing this masterful work more enriched and insightful."	
	
I work as a Remote Area Nurse & Midwife in an Australian Aboriginal community which is very distant from mainstream Australiancities or even small towns. At present we are isolated at this time of the year by the Monsoon rains and often communications are down.	
	
Open Access has allowed me to pursue my interest and enjoyment of Cormac McCarthy's work although over 1300 miles from the nearest university. Open Access also makes me feel in contact with the wonderful interlectual tradition and influence of Harvard University.	
	
"I feel that by providing works such as Mr Pott's Dissertation to the world through Open Access, Harvard University demonstrates an inspiring and admirable commitment to democracy, generosity in scholarship and to sharing precious and hard earned knowledge to every person and so enriching the lives of many."	
	
Please relay my gratitude to Mr Pott's.	
	
"With kind regards,"	
	
"Brian McNamara"""	1
I am praparing a course on ethics and information systems. This paper will be one of the suggested readings for the students.	
"I could have downloaded it from my library resources but I think it's better to have the Open Access initiatives advertised...!"""	0
I am writing a research proposal on micro funded mortgages for MBA program.	0
"I'm a trainee teacher in the UK. I will be teaching 11-19 year olds in mathematics. I'm also a governor at a primary school. Having access to this research will help me to improve my own teaching, as well as making informed choices about how the mathematics scheme of work should be developed at primary school. I believe all children should be helped to learn 'algebraic thinking', rather than algorithms and procedures to pass a test, as I believe algebraic thinking is a key life skill that should be one of the main aims of teaching algebra."	0
Developing an opening plenary for General Practice medical educators with particular reference to the Digital age.	
"I am a Primary Heath Care Physician of 25 years now embarking on a PhD but also heavily involved in facilitating online educational forums for Medical Practitioners.  This article interestingly talks about a top down innovation lead but judging by my own experiences in this Free Open Access Medical Education movement (FOAMed) Social Media may well be developing a bottom up led innovation in the knowledge economy.   This article has some interesting global perspectives that are useful to understand outside the realm of my interest in digital medical education.  """	0
"I'm a librarian. I love Moby Dick. When a reader whose family I've been connecting to books for years asked about the specifics of Melville's spirituality, I needed some scholarly sources. This article answered many of the reader's questions about Melville's intentions and philosophy. And he was able to read it without waiting for an interlibrary loan request! Convenience and sheer speed are so important to lifelong learners. Thank you for sharing the article in this way. It's great to be able to hand someone an immediate connection on their quest for white whales."	1
The Paper of Prof. Witzel drills deep in time and space.	
There is one common story of mankind.	
One common history of man.	
The World-Wide-Web reinstitutes the common spider-web of human mind.	
"Claude Lévi-Strauss discussed this """"wilde Denken"""" in his book: """"Das wilde Denken"""": """"Unablässig verknüpft er die Fäden, unaufhörlich zieht er alle Aspekte des Realen zusammen, seien diese nun physischer, sozialer oder geistiger Art."""""	
"Suhrkamp Taschenbuch Verlag, Frankfurt am Main, 1989. S. 307"	
"	0"	
"I am an independent scholar, retired from the faculty of a state university in Georgia. This institution does not give its retirees access to the many sources now available through the internet. Still, an active publishing scholar I need such access. Thus Open Access is of immense benefit."	0
i saeed i want download article for research	0
"Citing this in my essay, very helpful."	0
Dear dr. I am dr Saif Adnan from Baghdad hospital  otolaryngologist. I am very interesting in roboting surgery	0
"I am a German studied, writing a 50 page long research paper with the topic Ebola- outbreak of a century. It is very hard to find any current papers, which are not blocked for people outside the research box - like me."	
"So thanks to open access I can now finish my paragraph, how the Zaire-Ebola-Virus changes a little bt every time it enters a new host."""	1
I was able to read this article as part of a requirement for a final.	0
I am looking for information on whether there is any phenomenological factor that allows an uninformed agent to distinguish between a bodily movement initiated by the agent and one caused by an externally induced electrical stimulation of the motor centers of the brain.	0
"I am a 72 year old Ph.D student ""The Washington Consensus Programme: An Analysis of the Key Micro Economic Elements"".  Open Access is an invaluable tool to find and use first class references simply and effectively"	
Peter Howard-Jones 	
	
"	0"	
"I am a high school teacher teaching about media in a democratic society.  I am using the abstract from the student paper as a quote on a test asking students read and to recognize this as a type of press behavior we studied.  I was directed to the study after hearing about it on NPR's On The Media in the wake of the Senate investigation into torture in the ""War on Terror""."	0
"Long story short, when i was 11 years old I made my life goal to time travel. From that age on I went to the city library about once a week to rent books about Einstein, Newton, Galileo, physics, cosmology, geology, history etc. Basically anything about revolutionary science (and their theories) which when introduced changed the entire world's understanding about reality; what is true? What is accurate? What is possible? I was preparing myself, while in my youth, to become an astrophysicist such that I could understand the entire nature of reality as the universe and thus influence/guide/explore this phenomena called ""time"". About 9 years later, while taking my final for a ""mathematics of theoretical physics"" class (at the University of California at Santa Barbara) my mind burped out an immediate epiphany about what time, the universe and reality actually were...observation/perception/attention. That is to say, I came to the realization that the universe wasn't out there on the piece of paper I was solving Hilbert spaces with, it was in my brain's innate ability to recreate a sort of mirror image reflection of the ongoing conditions of the presently observable environment (in this case the desk, the physics final, my pencil along with the hand and arm attached to it). I was so intrigued by this new point of view about the universe that the following semester I changed my major from physics to psychology/neuroscience. The reasoning behind this was that although my physics education would teach me the appropriate mathematical equations for calculating various systems in the universe (and their changing states) it would never inform me about the nature of consciousness, memory or attention. In addition, a contributing factor for changing my field of study worth mentioning is my tenacious curiosity about the science of psychedelic interrupt envelopes and how they affect the modalities responsible for multisensory binding and neuroplasticity. From personal experience (experiments), and the observations resulting thereof, I found myself fervently searching and educating myself about every knowable fact and concept about how ""mind-manifesting"" substances could create temporal perceptions as varied as seeing time freeze to watching the future happen in one's mind's eye only to watch the exact scenario unfold before one's physical eyes moments, hours, days or years later. So much for long story short, but to sum things up I spend most of my free time after work or on the weekends continuing my education in understanding time in the brain. I may have graduated college a few years ago but I never slowed down the pace of my education or accumulation of understanding. In fact, I think I may be learning more now on my own reading scholarly PDF files than I did at any point in my college career (except maybe during finals week or the day before a test...haha i'm sure i'm not the only one). Finally, the whole reason for me attempting to make my long story short was so that I could take advantage of the opportunity to offer my greatest sentiment of graditude and thanks for the existence of Open Access. It is a truly wondrous resource for people like myself who can't afford to continue our education (i.e. go to graduate school) but, just as influential as the financial burdens, also cant afford to cease our education because of the cost of ignorance on our conscience. I set a goal 14 years ago to travel through time, not to change the past or as a way to tour historical events, but instead out of an extension of my own awareness attempting to grasp at a comprehension of the reality of time and my place in it as a self-aware, sentient being. Once more, thank you for all the knowledge that an intellectual pig like myself can glutinously indulge in and ponder over!"	1
"I have been an osteopathic practitioner for over 20 years, and am also a teacher. I am currently taking a postgraduate certificate in the clinical management of headaches at Edinburgh University online. This article is one of many we have been given to read - thank you for making it available. By the end of the course, I hope to become better at diagnosing, treating and safely helping my headache patients through all the learning I am doing."	1
I am an amateur economist studying macro-economics. The paper I am seeking has been referenced  and I need to view the reference to gain a better understanding.  Thank you for making the paper available.	1
"I am an electrical engineering professor with over thirty years in the academy and as I near retirement I have been increasingly interested in my health. As such, I have taken up running and I run barefoot. This has allowed me to lose a significant amount of weight, go off hypertension medication and develop a general sense of well-being and youthfulness that I haven't had in some time. As an engineer and scientist, I have become interested in the mechanisms at play and am fascinated by the notion that evolution has played in making us animals predisposed to run and not walk. This paper has been invaluable in my personal research regarding my new avocation."	0
I am a postgraduate student at the National University of Laos where I am	
"studying for an MA in International Development Studies"""	0
"Your story on the rating of election systems throughout the world is a tremendous resource for the Election Integrity community.  This growing community of concerned citizens has drawn the conclusion that there is simply not enough transparency and accountability in how elections are run and how the results are determined.  There is far too much of a ""black box"" aspect - a ""trust-me, I would never lie"" aspect in the release of vote counts.  Your surveys show how poorly the U.S. system of 50 different systems fares against countries we would typically expect to be very lowly rated, yet the US somehow managed to rate BELOW them!  Thanks for providing the structure and commonalities for comparison.  This is an excellent contribution to the most valuable of all currencies - the ballot!"	1
As a lone parent to 3 children my time is an extremely precious commodity.  I am currently studying for a Msc Psychology degree and do not receive funding for my postgraduate studies.  Being able to access this article from home at no added expense has meant that I can prepare for a seminar for a cognitive module with a minimal impact on my resources.   Thank you for making it accessible.	1
This article provides the backbone to my philosophy paper. You saved my grade!	0
Helps use this for an undergraduate paper.	0
This has helped me to prepare for one of the essay questions for my psychology final exam.	0
It helped me in finding case study article about asymmetric information. Cases like these are hard to find and I am glad that I can find it here.	0
"Writing an essay for a Masters, but on holiday without full access to the library,was able to research and find relevant material on the internet due to Harvard Openaccess"	0
"I'm an undergraduate student working on a research paper on computational complexity for a class called Infinity, Certainty, and Knowledge. I was actually quite surprised to find this paper accessible since it's so specialized. I'm grateful that it is available freely on the web as I regularly run into roadblocks of accessibility to articles for my research and learning. Thanks for the nice surprise!"	1
Thank you for making this available! Research-based knowledge should not be a resource that only the elite and wealthy members of society can access.	1
"I was browsing and got access to this. I had always wanted to read this paper, but somehow it got postponed. The online access helped me. The result that minimal liberalism and Pareto principle cannot be satisfied together is powerful."	0
Gardasil  HPV is going active side effects	
	
ST CLOUD UNIVERSITY website	
	
health MSDS site	
	
A Merck letter head	
NO MSDS on Gardasil	
never will be because it is not toxic/as the letter reads	
	
still on the STCLOUD UNIVERSITY website//	
	
"This is Global confusion from how MERCK drops responsibility, "	
and claims what cannot be substantiated. MERCK is powerful but dropped	
"what protects them legally ...With lies as merck lies, lies, lies...   """	0
"I am a British third year psychology undergraduate revising for my final exam in memory and awareness. This exam is open book, so I am able to prepare my answer before the exam. As such, my professor has very high expectations, is a very tough grader and expects many sources. This article is invaluable to my answer on prosopagnosia. Thank you so much for providing it."	1
"As a student, open access in invaluable for the quality of assignments and independent literature search."	0
"Our extended family has a silent auction each Christmas, to benefit a charity.  This year someone donated 14 tickets to an MLB baseball game. We are exploring the most efficient way to auction these tickets fairly, yet maximize the return.  The descending bid for multiple identical items sounds like the answer.  I look forward to reading this paper."	0
Part of my reasearch paper for Academic English	0
"Thank you for making articles available easily! It saves researchers a lot of time, rather than having to jump through loop holes to access an article."	1
"I'll try to make this as simple and direct as possible. I come from a town of less than 4000, and spent my whole life, up until college, living in rural areas. I have always wanted to do more and my college offers a program that would fund my studying abroad, if I can come up with a worthwhile topic. My goal is to build a strong enough argument related to the difference between bribery and the ""gift giving"" culture in China to fund a trip to Hong Kong to further research the issue. A good part of my argument relates to the prosocial cultural norms, the fact that it is customary to give, and receive gifts, but not to tip, and how they are linked to, yet different from, bribery. Especially with relation to how it affects cross-cultural interactions, especially in the business world. This will make a fantastic resource towards that end."	0
"I used this article as part of a paper that examines the history of scholarly communication about ""social network analysis."" Discovering which seminal articles are open access is part of ""the story."" My PhD studies will include insights about open access and the effects of online network interactions as an alternative to the established peer review process. "	0
Dissertation research	0
"I am a researcher at Instituto de Investigaciones Agropecuarias in Chile writing a pamphlet about the health effects of crop residue burning. Some academic articles are not available to us because we cannot afford all the subscriptions, as in so many parts of the world. Thank you for making useful research available."	1
I am interested in thermal processes in biology.	0
"I am no longer affiliated with a university or large corporation with funds to  maintain a well-stocked technical library, but am continuing to perform scholarly research and write. In addition I spend some time assisting undergraduate and high school students learn how to find reference materials on the web. Harvard's Open access papers contain well-written content that some students might not otherwise be able to access, due to cost or ability to travel to a technical library. The same is true of me. I currently have to travel 35-40 miles one way to access a research library that I pay membership fees for, or pay $100 a month for online access to technical papers. I'm grateful that this service is available. Thank you."	1
"I am an online doctoral student. The digital access to scholarship at Harvard assists me in obtaining my Ph.D. in Social Psychology. This is valuable to me because not only am I a Jr. High dropout and an older student, I am the first in my branch of the family to obtain college degrees and my ongoing success has inspired my brother, my sons, and my husband to obtain degrees of their own."	0
"I was so pleased to find Charles Rosenberg's classic essay on the therapeutic revolution available in open access.  While I have a couple of Harvard degrees including a Ph.D., I am currently an independent scholar and public intellectual.  My teaching is largely through blogging. With Open Access, I can write about 19th century medicine in a blog post and then link to the full article.  This allows me to point a much larger pool of readers to a landmark piece of scholarship, and gives them a chance to learn in more depth.  There's no use producing knowledge if it's buried in a locked library or behind a firewall."	0
"i am a research on the similar topic in china, thanks a lot for sharing the thesis. it is a great advantage for our broadening of view in acdemics."	1
"I neede the article for a presentation concerninc Geography and Institutions Determinants for Economic Development in Ressource-Rich Countries (here: focus on Africa as unfortunately many ressource-rich but poor countries, historical background of formation of institutions in Africa)"	
Thanks for providing	
"M.A. student """"African Studies"""""""	1
"I am a non-affiliated researcher in housing equity issues--financial, demographic--- and don't have direct access to a research library.  I am VERY grateful to find this document online. A national non-profit has---against its subject interest----under-stated the cost of rental housing for those of low income and contradicted what has been historically found (ie Kain, Quigley, among others).  I'm looking for newer research on the topic to then update the non-profit (this article mayn't meet some criteria, still, one never knows what one will learn:  better modeling, new view...).  No money will change hands on the info:  only policy advocacy may change.  Thank you."	1
Hello. I am a public servant in the Government of Honduras. We are currently implementing performance management in our Ministry and we are also doing research on the subject. Thank you very much for granting us free access.	1
I am a mature student with the UK's Open University struggling through their module WORLD ARCHAEOLOGY and lumbered with the - appalling - set text THE HUMAN PAST; finding this paper may stop me jumping off a bridge. Thank you.	1
Hearty thanks for permitting to get access to this material!	
"I hope other dissertations to be put on this site  to be openly available!!!"""	1
"I am professor of Public Finance at the University of Bucharest. I use your site to improve my course, and to be up to date with the literature of my domain of interest. Thank you!"	1
"I am an Earth and Atmospheric Sciences major at Georgia Institute of Technology. Harvard's Open Access was very helpful to me, as some of the articles aided me in my research paper for my Geophysics course."	0
"Recommended to graduate students in a doctoral seminar on ""Medieval Images of the Person"" taught Fall 2014 at the Graduate Theological Union, Berkeley, as background for their reading of the Itinerarium by Bonaventure."	0
"I had to do an essay on Media and Communication as part of a course at the Metropolia university of applied sciences (Helsinki, Finland) and this article was very helpful as a reference in writing the essay. Most articles accessible through Google Scholar are expensive since my school does not have the kind of article/data sharing deal that most universities have."	0
"It's very nice of you to give an open access to anyone without regarding academical position, place, or a kind of membership; also very genuine in a world where any document could be find in some ways. Thanks"	1
"I am about to publish a book on research methods, with Palgrave Macmillan.  I am an admirer of the Social Dominance Orientation Scale and I wish to recommend it to my readers.  In order to demonstrate its usefulness for the kinds of research I am explicating, I would like to quote the following four items from the SDOS:"	
	
         Some groups of people are  simply not the equals of others.	
	The country would be better off if we cared less about how equal all people were.
	Some people are just more deserving than others.
	Inferior groups should stay in their place.
	
"I am hoping that this falls within """"fair use,"""" or if not, that you will grant me permission to use it in all versions of my book """"Social Science Methods for Clinical Inference: the Unconscious on the World Scene."""""	
"I am delighted that Harvard, my alma mater,  is taking the initiative to make important scholarly articles available to a broad audience of scholars."	
"	0"	
"I am the CEO for Health Forever Product Limited. Our company has been working on a herbal product called Jobelyn for about 18 years. This product was part of the folk medicine being used for centuries by people of South Western Nigeria for treating and curing of diseases of diverse origin including anemia, sickle-cell anemia, diabetes, hypertension, stroke, arthritis, HIV/AIDS and even cancer. We set out to confirm the scientific validation for this product for the veracity of the cure-all claim.Our task was simplified by the fact that the product is from a single ingredient which has extensive researches published in peer-reviewed journals. We have been able to identify the active molecule and characterized it. We believe that the product could be developed into a botanical drug and the article read was most enlightening."	0
"This particular article was used by a now-defunct poster on the news aggregation website ""Reddit"" to justify racist viewpoints in the wake of the riots in Ferguson, Missouri on Monday, November 24, 2014. Information from this article was selectively picked and disseminated by the poster to express a number of views that were a direct contradiction to the actual conclusions of the article itself. "	
	
"Another poster read this article in its entirety and found that the poster was selectively choosing data that fit their argument, while ignoring the rest of the data and its conclusions. The second poster confronted the first poster with the findings and actual information, and the first poster deleted his arguments from Reddit in response. "	
	
"As a function of Reddit, users are up or down-voted based upon the written responses they make in a given forum thread. The defunct poster was successful in convincing more than 400 users to up-vote racist content and false data, before the second poster was able to read the Harvard article and disprove his theory. Due to the popularity of Reddit, it is conceivable that the defunct poster would have become even more popular and spread disinformation across the internet, and people would not even have thought to check on the veracity of the article before accepting it as truthful. "	
	
"As of this email, the second poster has more than 3,500 up-votes with their analysis of the defunct-poster, complete with citations depicting the study's actual conclusions. "	
	
"None of this would have been possible had Harvard not allowed open access to the article in question. I thank the DASH program for allowing such access to the public, and encourage them to do so with as many academic articles as possible in the future. "	
	
The link to the Reddit discussion is enclosed here: 	
http://www.reddit.com/tb/2nnxse	
	
"Mahalo nui loa, "	
"Forest Puha """	1
Needed this article for a research paper for B.A. course at McGill. Really glad to have free access!	0
"I'm investigating on gender and minority issues inside of indigenous mexican de jure regimes. It's a very complex theme and I need to gather a lot of information. Sometimes important journal articles I need are not free and this wouldn't be so annoying if they weren't as expensive as a book! So I can say up to now, I admire most authors (and universities) who care important research work is out there being used, and not secluded on platforms that only universities can buy."	0
"I am an avid, if amateur, math student, and there are many facets of mathematics (transcendental number theory, dimension theory, and the like) that are difficult to build intuition on or understanding in without having some form of guidance. By providing open access to some of your math articles, you have supported me in my desire to learn."	0
"I am a second year Psychology undergraduate at the University of Warwick and the basis for my second year project is a study, (Ariely, Kamenica & Prelec, 2008), that is relevant the Ikea effect, and therefore am using this paper as a basis for part of the literature review required."	0
I need this article for the theoretical part of my master thesis. Thanks for making it publicly available!	1
"To think an unthinkable alternative of reasoning is the best way to illustrate how poppers falificationism works. Thank you for giving open access to this article, I'm going to use it in a lecture about the question ""What are sciences and humanities?"""	1
"As a law student taking a course entitled ""Black American Lawyer"" I need to research and write a paper on any topic related to black American lawyers. I appreciate the ability to have such a treasure trove of information combined into one document. (We have read J. Clay Smith's Emancipation book and have learned a lot about the history of Howard University.) Thank you for freely sharing this information!"	1
"I was born as a intact males foreskin wise...and I decided to get circumcised at the age of 12yrs based on and encyclopedia my mother brought home...I had learned at that time is was cleaner and just better.  I thought I was odd compared to my friends all being that way... my Dad wasn't around to help me with the decision...so I made it blindly thinking i would be part of the norm...and that girls like it better...I wrote to someone recently of gave me some feed back telling me the surgeon or Doctor that took this assignment should have told be or atleast warned me I should wait till I was 18years old... I was just wondering whats out there on leading tech or science....stretching seems exactly like it sounds long time wise and not complete still.  I read somewhere on the web that nano-tech for nerve regeneration mostly in hope for paralyized people, seeing impaired ect....I was wondering  if this could be applied to getting to be a normal intact male again....sure would appreciate you feedback and current/future possibilities...please and thank you...Chad. If you guys decide to use my story I would prefer xxxx is my mother's maiden name which I use for online use name is never taken so..yeah."	1
benefit my teaching	0
"As a wildlife rehabilitation specialist, I am always interested in learning about how our native species are affected by invasive species. I have long been a champion of the Carolina Anole ( or green lizard) in Florida, and have shared my love and interest in them with many people over the years. This is wonderful research and will help me to explain to others just how amazing these little lizards are. Thank you for making it easily available. Education leads to knowledge and knowledge is power. Thank you for making it free!"	1
"As a post-graduate professional, Open Access enables me to present a broad and informed literature review without bearing the cost of maintaining memberships at several libraries."	0
"I am a dual masters degree student at Washington University in St. Louis (MSW/MPH). I am studying maternal/fetal outcomes, and was interested in large for gestational age birth complications among Navajo women. I am interested in policy perspective regarding the rise of obesity and type II diabetes after the change in policy for government food commodities on the reservations."	0
"I am writing a term paper on The Reforms of Solon, which has led me to searching for conflicting points of view."	0
"I am a retired physician, interested in the philosophy of medicine"	0
Comments relevant to this access only (Chagas Disease in Mexico). I was researching health care access in Chiapas in Mexico and this came up in Google. The article was informative. The Chief benefit of the search was introducing  me to Open Access.  Thank you. I am a retired Treaty Negotiator working on a book on Mexico in the late 1970s.	1
Grand Canyon University student working on Master's in Nursing degree (MSN).	0
"I have a wide variety of interests and a strong desire to understand the foundation of conclusions that writers draw, hence I seek out research and scholarly papers. Cost has become a barrier. In the last week alone I would have spent $100 on research reports that interested me, but not to the extent I was willing to ante up. The paper on elections addresses a priority interest and I probably would have been willing to pay for it. I am retired after a career in engineering related businesses. I read a lot of research from the social sciences as they applied to my business as a technical communications consultant to technical professionals."	0
I am a graduate student in Israel doing research with a professor about sharing economy mechanisms in ultra-orthodox communities in Israel. THis article was very helpful.	0
looking for entrances on world history; available UN archives or publications on Universal History helps on a road to more global history in secundary school	0
"I am teaching a class, ""The truth is Out THere - The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence"", this fall at the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement.  Access to this thesis enables me to get smart about Harvard's OSETI project and helps me convey the significance and promise of this project to the members of my class!"	0
I'm a first year student trying to write the best essays I can and Open Access helps tremendously because it means I can get top class articles without having to pay which really helps my studies and financial situation.	0
Thank you. I have used this article to help me understanding the novel of Irène Nemirovsky: le Vin de la solitude.	1
I made my presentation on this publication and it was very perfect. I am very thankful to this peoples.	
"Very informative. Nice one"""	1
Roger Cloet 	
Born in Belgium in 1924.	
"	0"	
"Good Lord! Before I could even click on the actual story link I had to take advantage of the opportunity to thank you for making such scholarship available.  I just completed my PhD in History and being shut-out of university-based research (JSTOR, for example) hinders the ability to access important information which has become necessary in the dissertation-to-book stage; when one is honing in on crucial debates and gaining greater clarity about how diverse fields approach a given topic.  So... open access is much appreciated.  Peace."	1
"Thank you for making this article openly available. I had watched the TED talk by Ms. Cuddy and wanted to further explore the relation of body language to behavior.. Making information readily available is an integral part of individual growth and your willingness to share knowledge is a sign of Harvard's dedication to widespread learning. Hearing the TED talk was fascinating, but I enjoyed the citations the article provided and seeing where the study was grounded. Understanding the logistics behind the study enhanced my comprehension of a fascinating topic."	1
"The topic of gender is prominent in our society, and the various Christian denominations are struggling to understand it in light of the traditional texts.  Some denominations find refuge by rejecting the topic entirely, while others, like my Lutheran denomination, believe gender complexity has always existed, so the problem is actually one of interpretation of the traditional texts.  We aren't ""there"" yet, but we hear the traditional texts telling us that we are justified by faith alone (too many citations to list), and we know many people of faith, especially women and the GLBT community, have been rejected by the traditional power structure of the Christian Church. "	0
"I'm a student at Mills College writing a paper on Alain de Lille's use of grammatical terms as analogous to sexual mores in order to better understand sexual identity in the Middle Ages, and accessing this article is hugely helpful towards that end.  I go to a small school with a small library."	0
This article is an indispensable resource for the study of the idea of China/Zhongguo. The original publication(in Taiwan) is not readily available. Access to it is beneficial to research. I am grateful.	1
"""Story"" might be a bit overstating it, but I am an independent researcher specializing in early medieval French food and bread history. Early medieval trading towns, for instance, greatly interest me, even though here this one is Italian. Another article on Jewish food rituals has garnered strong interest among some fellow food historians (some of whom of course specialize in Jewish food). I suspect the article on early salt production in China will interest those who specialize in that region. Etc."	0
"I am creating an informative pdf to support generosity, particularly during the holidays."	0
I am a researcher using Google Trends data to understand brand valuation. I probably would have had access to this through my own university but hopefully in the future we can all access this kind of paper freely and universities can spend the money saved elsewhere.	0
"I've been in Employment and Training for many years, and very much interested in youth development especially in the urban areas where I work.  You see youth attrition on a daily basis and the need is there for further education and jobs."	0
Super convenient.	0
"I live in Nepal, where academic institutions (and individuals) rarely get enough financial funding for an internet connection, let alone paid access to journals. It may be hard to imagine the degree to which you impact and aid the lives of researchers trying to better developing societies across the world with this simple act. Thank you so much!"	1
"I am writing a related paper, so not being blocked from reading this is useful to me"	0
"Many Unitarian Universalist churches celebrate ""Evolution Sunday"" in February, on the Sunday nearest Charles Darwin's birthday (2/12). As both of Charles Darwin's grandfathers were Unitarians, I would like to prepare a talk about ""Darwin's Grandpas"" for next February. I know there have been cartoons representing ""Darwin's Grandpa"" as an ape. I hoped your article would discuss this."	0
I am writing a research on the impact of substitution elasticity on discriminination	0
Open Access is helping me research the economics of housing as an analyst for a municipal housing department and graduate student in urban studies and planning. Thank you.	1
"Open access allows me the opportunity to share primary source documents with secondary school students.  Currently, I teach United States history to 8th grade students."	0
A very well researched article Thanks for sharing	1
"I used this article to help write a paper on the late Cambrian carbonate outcrop, that our sed. strat. class visited."	0
"I teach developmental reading and writing at City College of San Francisco, and my students use Pathways to Prosperity to write an essay arguing in favor or against including vocational education in the high school curriculum. Open access to this document keeps costs down for students for whom this topic is very relevant."	0
"I am a paralegal for an immigration attorney. I prepare cases that deal with hardship families of undocumented migrants face in the absence of their undocumented migrant relative. In some cases, families have mental disorder and relocation to countries like Mexico would mean a drastically diminished standard of care. In order to prove that, I require scholarly articles and government information to demonstrate the standard of care in countries like Mexico. Digital access to papers like this one is invaluable to preparing a case."	0
"I am a mature student with a PhD in politics reskilling myself in biomedicine by having enrolled in a four-year part-time evening class BSc in Biomedicine at Birkbeck, University of London. I am in my third year. We are given recommendations for reading, but I like to read around the subject. Picking up articles that I have ""googled"" is a fun way of browsing the field. In this case my topic was ""food as hormone"" with a focus on the role of PPAR_ and this OSC article came up!"	0
"great to have this important article for free, public good research"	0
"I write a blog about ovarian cancer.  You can see it at http://ljb-quiltcutie.blogspot.com, or simply Google ""Myrl'sBlog"""	0
"I'm a graduate student working on a paper replication. Open Access allows me to read the paper and use its data with no drag from pay walls, sign ins, or journal-publisher-institution contractual hang-ups. I have great respect for a university that makes its academic research freely available."	0
"I'm a teacher. Until last year I was doing a masters in education and read papers frequently, both for my studies, but equally just if I was interested in seeing the research on a particular aspect of teacher I was curious about. I've missed that since finishing my MEd, so I'm always happy to see open access articles so I can keep up to date on what's going on."	0
no	0
"The research and perspective in this article was relevant to my group's efforts to improve employee onboarding at our organization. Having access to the full text helped us develop our thinking, communicate our goals and improve our processes."	0
"I am working on a study of the relationship between the poetry of Erasmus Darwin and that of  Emily Dickinson, in particular the reconceptualisation of nature."	0
We are a Transitional Kindergarten - Kindergarten lessons study.  This is the second year we are focusing on estimation as a teaching strategy to engage young children in number sense.  As part of the lesson study process we look for research that informs our work.	0
As a Macroeconomy professor at one of Venezuela's top bussiness school this paper will serve to explain the incentives and cost associated with a macro adjusment plan. I suspect this forces are at play currently in Venezuela where the Govt has delayed the application of adjusment in a difficult political context	0
Open access is key to conducting research as a graduate student - this article was very helpful for my qualifying first-semester literature review!	0
"I really don't have a story. I'm a Danish university study doing a paper on money in philosophy. Access like this has helped me immensely, and I thank you very much for it. "	
	
"Surprisingly, economic works can be quite difficult to find online, I believe because of the youth of the subject matter (compared to the abundance of literature in philosophy thats available online)."	
	
"Again, thank you."	
	
"Martin"""	1
I get benefits from open access.	0
It has enabled me to do more rigorous research on my paper on Renewable Energy Policies in China	0
"I am a high school science teacher, formerly a software engineer at Microsoft.  I believe that high school students can read, comprehend, probe, and summarize scientific papers on current topics.  Since EVD is in the news, I wanted them to read the science behind the articles they read.  Since this paper was developed at the cost of human life, I also wanted to give my students an opportunity to pay their respect to the memory of health care workers in Sierra Leone."	0
"I am a retired epidemiologist who lives in Omaha, NE.  Omaha has several public service committees under the general organization: Omaha Together One Community (OTOC). One of the committees is the Environmental Action Team; I am a member of this committee.  I am in the process of studying public health risks caused or associated with climate change."	0
Thank You!!!	1
"I am a child welfare attorney turned adjunct professor trying to propose a new course on Disproportionality in the Child Welfare System at my lily-white midwestern university. I am lucky enough to have access right now to databases that might contain this, but my university is a small state school with limited library funds. I definitely don't have access to them off-campus, so I very much appreciate that Harvard has made these resources available to everyone. Thank you."	1
"I am 47 years old and want to change my life. I have worked the past 20 years in strategic and financial advisory, after my MBA at Wharton. I love economics since I was 15. Now, I want to pursue a PhD in Economics and teach, research and work with public policies. One of my favorite topics is the effects that taxation policies have on the economy."	
" """	0
"I'm doing my coursework on how the media in the US grew towards polarisation and consequences that followed. Unfortunately, this topic is not researched in my native country, that's why any piece of information I can find online is really useful (especially if it comes from well-respected sources). I do appreciate the fact that I now have an access to the articles I'm interested in and can be up to date. Thanks!"	1
"First of all: THANKS! Thanks for sharing knowledge, thanks for giving access to everybody in the world to findings, authors and science. This is what a knowledge community really is."	
"Without the so called """"open access"""" my profesional actualizacion wouldn't be possible. I read books in English that refer to articles, and when I look for them in the web: here they are! available. Like a kid going to a candy store for free."""	1
Surveying non-linear effects of linguistic catagories	0
"I have been researching my ADHD, and have recently discovered that the DRD4 7R+ genotype might be linked to behaviors of mine. I'm really glad to have access to academic articles about this gene, and look forward to reading more about other things as well! Thank you!"	1
"For my research topic (The institutionalization of LEADER action groups in Europe vs. Saemaul Undong movement in South Korea) I was looking for some related materials on the net. I got Looney, Kristen E. 2012. “The Rural Developmental State... (PhD disseratation) and it was really useful."	0
I am a PhD student and having access to journals is vital to my research.	0
Our University library subscribes limited selection of journals in my field. Open access allows me to access these material which I use both for my teaching and writing	0
I could have studied for my exam without spending money to do it!I think culture should be free and I thank the ones who permitted it to be free!	1
"Thank you for allowing students to have access to credible, and educational articles. I am so disappointed by the amount of places that require a payment or membership in order to read what was meant to be read. This open access allows for a deeper quality of education, and outstanding level of research."	1
"In 1971 I was given in the ER of the hospital of my employment the antitoxin Tetnus vaccine due to kneeling onto a swivel desk chair and suddenly punctured my knee on a thumb tack.  The doctor administrating the shot did not ask me if I was pregnant at that time,and a month later I suffered a heartbroken miscarriage and needed a D&C.  Can someone tell me if Benzene is or WAS used in the serum I received?  It took me until now to figure the vaccine may have been responsible.  Can you advise me, please?"	
Lynda Sizemore	
"Registered Midwife, Retired"	
"Midwife00@aol.com"""	0
Congratulations on making this article available.	
	
I had a downloaded copy in another computer which I forgot to forward to this one.  I had been looking forward to reading the article over the weekend - a bank holiday weekend here in Ireland - and was disappointed when I realised I did not have it.	
	
Thanks to you I can now read it anyway.  Congrats again.	
	
AN	
"	1"	
"I am a communication practitioner and I'm always interested in the latest research to share with my audience.  I was able to share this research with my podcast audience which earns over 300,000 downloads each month worldwide. Although I have other ways to get access to research, having the ability to access this way makes it so much easier.  Thanks!"	1
"This sharing has helped me to get academic articles I couldn't otherwise get, which has helped me immensely in my scholarly research. Thank you."	1
"Substantially accelerates research, is very useful for community"	0
Knowledge is worth sharing. I'm surprised that we have to fight for this! Thank you for promoting this no-brainer.	1
"I have been out of Grad school for nearly 20 years now and I struggle to keep up with new research in my field (Anthropology) since I do not actually work in that field.  I read as much academic material as I can, and Dr. Lieberman is one of my favorite researchers.  This link provides valuable access to his past work and I really appreciate having it."	0
"Now I study the financial accounting in the Osaka Prifecture Uniiversity  in doctor course.Recently,I have a interesting for the Econometrics.And it is neccesary for me to study it to write my paper. So,I want to get this paper,and read it."	
 	
"	0"	
"I was working on a systematic review of sleep, and manually going through a list of articles that PDFs could not be automatically obtained for.  DASH helped me get some of the articles to round out the review!"	0
"Hi! I'm a single mom in Green Bay, Wisconsin, getting my Master's in Sustainability online.  Thank you for making this available - I'm writing a paper on renewable energy and public perception, and it's great that you've made this open access!  I will use it and cite it in my research paper."	1
"Thanks to Open Access I could read an article needed for the class. I'm really glad that it allowed me to do it legally and free of charge. It's really annoying when studying that some articles are just unreachable, mostly because they're too expensive to me (e.g. 30$/per one). Thank you DASH"	1
Knowledge should not be restricted to an elite and informed group of people; access to accurate and peer-reviewed information is the key to empowering the minds of those who desire to be educated who lack the resources that allow them to access what is current. Thank you for making knowledge accessible.	1
 a Young person with Tuberous Sclerosis with intractable epilepsy on multiple medications for associated comorbidity and epilepsy.	
review of initial presentation -Less than 10 small tubers	
could the proteomics influenced by lesser known genes contribute to the heterogeneity?	
"how much interference is needed to disturb the neuronal architecture at the connectomics level?"""	0
I am writing a research work about the challenges of teaching algebra. It helped to increase my knowledge.	0
Open Access has enriched my learning experience by giving me access to an invaluable resource for my computational linguistics class - past computational linguistics research. .	0
I am researching corruption in cities and whistle blowing for a research paper for a Public Administration and Policy class. I am also considering using parts this research topic for my Capstone paper next semester.	0
I am a teacher in a high school and it helps my students	0
"I am a writer, teacher and general enthusiast of science. The latter role greatly impairs my ability to perform the former two roles efficiently, as I am frequently motivated to read in much greater detail than is necessary, for my own interest. In this sense, I am profoundly grateful that the article is open access, because I so thoroughly enjoyed reading it and because it was so useful for my writing. Curiously, since I am in a library that permits access to all journals, I would still have been able to read it, even had the article not been open access. But in the past when I did not enjoy such luxuries, I was always grateful when journal articles were free, so I am now perhaps grateful on behalf of my former self, and of those without the facility of ready journal access."	1
I am conducting research on proactive approaches to PTSD through education and coping mechanisms for First Responders.	0
I 'm using this article to help write my first post-grad/ pre-grad school term paper.	0
"Snow and Uccelli are doing the most cutting edge research in the area of academic language and disciplinary literacy.  With the advent of common core standards, it is imperative that teachers understand how to focus their literacy instruction to most help students become college and career ready.  Having access to this type of research enables me to help teachers translate that research into practice."	0
Useful information in preparing a talk on regional economic development	0
I am writing a research paper for a university history course.  Being able to access this article has helped my both with my research for the paper as well as saving money.  I am very grateful this article has been made available to the public. Thank you.	1
"I am writing a play about a woman who terminates a pregnancy via abortion pill.  The setting is Iowa in November 2003. This paper is a great overview for me, an opportunity to get under its controversial history."	0
"Makes literature reviews faster and easier. Without Open Access I would need to log onto my university's library page, access the databases, enter search terms, and then follow about three more steps to get to the full text. I appreciate the time saving aspects of Open Access."	0
"I work at a small HBCU in Georgia. We have a very limited library, and although we have access to the databases through the University Systems of Georgia, the downloadable offerings are limited as well, and interlibrary loan is somewhat forbidding. So thank you for sharing your intellectual content."	1
Interested in  finding out if there was a Dairy Queen ice cream store in the Foster Village shopping center in Bergenfield N.J. in the 1970s???	0
Students in the American Government class of the Political Science department at Gannon University need this kind of study to fully understand the future of public transportation.	0
I will be attending Prof Beckert's workshop at the University of Cape Town 13–17 Oct.	0
I appreciate your making this article available to all to further research in this area. Not all researchers have access to journals and this is of value to all. Many thanks.	1
Possible intent for research	0
"I believe self-education is one of the most beneficial methods of learning. By using DASH, I have been exposed to a multitude of articles covering a wide range of subjects. Proudly, I have gained world-class insight in the fields of social psychology, business, and law.  Thank you"	1
thank you!  i am writing a popular science book on creativity and I appreciate the access to their article.	1
"As Secretary of Education of the State of Vermont, I depend on open access to high quality research to evaluate policy alternatives and frame policy agendas.  Research has to be accessible in order to inform the decisions of policy makers."	0
"I am a practicing economist from Canada, recently relocated to Mexico.  I enjoy having access to your full text articles so that I can keep up to date with the latest thinking/research in economics.  A huge thanks to Harvard for its open access!!"	1
"I am seeking a second bachelor's degree and often need journal articles to assist with writing my papers. As a member of the military, my education is covered through my GI Bill but extras, such as paying for the use of journal articles, is not. I appreciate this article being offered for use at no cost to the user."	0
"I'm preparing a lesson on the scientific understanding of ""race"" for undergraduate students."	0
"Thank you for providing access to this article. As I was preparing a lecture for General Botany on evolutionary origins of land plants, I found this background very helpful. Our small, underfunded community college library does not purchase access to scholarly journals in biology, including botany."	1
"I am currently studying for the National Marriage and Family Therapist Exam. In studying assessments, I was curious as to the application and validity of certain instruments and this article was most helpful."	0
"My name is xxxx, I am journalist and historian. I study and work about the history of Mexican free text books, and the works of Mr. Darnton ar great materials to learn an think new strategies and methods to develop my field of knowledge. Thanks for this article."	1
"I teach high school-A.P. Government to be specific.  I'm trying to revamp my Congress unit, and I may assign this, or at least use it to inform my framework for the unit."	0
I am doing an essay for my Academic Writing course at University. I have chosen my topic as	
"Animal Welfare and Labelling: Appropriate labelling of products containing animal products has the capacity to inform for consumer choice, allow smaller producers locally and internationally to offer a unique product based on ethical animal practices which will be beneficial to animals and producers and it will be driven by conscientious consumerism."""	0
"Easy access to top-quality research is extremely beneficial to my ongoing studies at one college and two universities. Rather than wade through their convoluted library portals, Harvard has proven to be an essential tool for easy, thorough access. Please continue this free service. It is essential for the betterment of humanity."	
"Thank You,"	
Gary William Hallford	
City College of San Francisco	
San Francisco State University	
"Southern New Hampshire University"""	1
"In completing a PhD dissertation and doing remote research I often depend on online access.  Most articles I need are available through my institution but books that are in the ""stacks"" are often difficult to find online.  Your ""open access"" to this article has allowed me to move the needle a bit forward despite my current work offsite from my institution.  Thank you!"	1
I am researching Permutation statistics for a Graduate course.	0
"I am a high school student looking for inspiration for my literary assignments in regards to essay structure and flow. I also like to read through essays out of general curiosity. Additionally, I find it helpful to keep some of these essays in the back of my mind come time for me to develop my own college/university thesis. I am extremely grateful for Open Access and hope that Harvard continues providing pathways for exploration for all."	1
"I teach Earth Science at a Community College. On that meager salary and the small budget available to me I cannot afford to pay for scientific papers to share with my students. Also, as a professional, I am often consulted on the veracity of various scientific or pseudo-scientific claims made in the popular media. In order to verify or de-bunk a claim, I need to consult the scientific research. I recently hit a wall in a discussion because an opponent of climate change cited a paper that cost $40 to download. Luckily I appealed to the author and he shared it with me for free. Otherwise, the opponent, who was mis-quoting the paper, would have gone unchallenged."	0
This paper was a fantastic resource for a federal agency report I am working on for a graduate school class.	0
"First of all, I am greatly appreciative to have access to an article from Emory and Harvard University. I am currently working on my masters from Troy University in Gifted Education. I have a critical assignment where I must determine the construct validity of the The Torrance Tests of  Creative Thinking. I am an educator, not a psychologist and have never evaluated the validity of creative or IQ tests. I needed information concerning the nature of construct validity and found it on your portal."	0
"I am writing a Phd proposal on the topic of time-inconsistency, and this is a key article in the literature on this topic."	0
Writing undergrad thesis at University of Puget Sound in Tacoma WA -- Thank You Harvard	1
"As a busy high school student, it's sometimes hard to find relevant scholarly articles with full text on-line.  Thank you for sharing this article by making it publicly available."	1
Thanks a lot for sharing this article.	
As a counsellor in Germany I always try to find scientific materials through the internet that can add to my knowledge concerning my work.	
"	1"	
"I am writing a talk for a local club for the appreciation of opera (in Norwich, England, about Shakespeare and Verdi and MacBeth.  I am using this source to help me understand more about the role of witches in the play and the opera and gain additional insights which could be of interest to my audience."	
"It is wonderful to be able to access scholarship in this way.  Thank you"""	1
"For a class discussion on business-level strategies, I was able to use these articles to describe and analyze a company that has successfully implemented a low-cost strategy and a company that has implemented a differentiation strategy very well. The articles were thorough and full-circle. Thank you!"	1
"As a doctoral student at a top university I have access to a vast trove of knowledge, but not everyone who could benefit has access to that knowledge. When I was applying to graduate programs, I certainly did not. As a scholar who takes care to ensure that my research is crafted in such a way that it has value beyond the ivory tower, I worry about policies that functionally restrict access to people in universities, or the largest of corporate and governmental organizations."	0
Why hoard information? Share knowledge.	0
"I am a third-year college student from China, majoring in Public Health. I read this article while preparing to give a talk in my statistics course. I compared Prof. Barro's findings with that of Mr. Young (Young, C. (2009). Model uncertainty in sociological research: An application to religion and economic growth. American Sociological Review, 74 (3), 380-397.), which guided me into this fantastic world of statistics."	
"I'm truly thankful for everything Harvard shares online. I've been reading your working papers from the School of Public Health, and it does help a lot for those students who are eager to learn but with limited resources."""	1
I will cite the article requested in my dissertation.	0
"Thank you - Access to credible research sources greatly improves the quality of my work. Being in a remote, small community, we do not have access to journals and publications on this topic. Keeping up with new ideas and research can be expensive."	1
Great information and sources for further research of the topic.	0
I am a graduate student using this article for a Race & Crime course. Thanks for the access!	1
I am an undergraduate student studying for a BSc (Hons) Biomedical Science Degree and I am researching diagnostic biomarkers for colorectal cancer for my final year dissertation. I am looking at comparing the tissue based IHC biomarkers to blood serum biomarkers which are now coming to be researched and may possibly move into trials for use as a non-invasive CRC test. I am going to compile this articles information on the panel of biomarkers with the others I have found.	0
I use the articel for my master thesis about cognitive skills and portfolio choice at Bamberg University. Thank you very much for providing it.	1
"I am grateful to Open Access for making available Shaye Cohen's article on ""The Ways That Parted.""  I am preparing a presentation for a church on the years 80-100 CE and do not have easy access to materials like this in a library.  Having it available when I needed it and where I can access it is wonderful.  Thank you."	
"Joe O. Lewis, "	
"Teacher in Residence, Mountain Brook Baptist Church and "	
"Provost Emeritus, Samford University, Birmingham, Alabama"""	1
"As a ""hobby"" in my retirement I heuristically try to explain the increase of blocking situations of the northern hemisphere polar jet stream. After having ruled out the 40 % increase of CO2 affecting IR radiative flux divergence at tropopause level I focus on the effect of increased aerosol from China coal burning on radiative cooling during diabatic subsidence. "	
Without open access it would be more difficult for me. May be I find an interested contact. 	
"	0"	
I am a second year law student and I am using this source to complete my rigorous writing requirement necessary for graduation. Thank you for the source!	1
"In my carrer as an Industrial engineer, I would keep informed of labor prparation training around the world. SIngapore and Germany remained as examples of level headed program which produce results. In Singapore, job advancenet id pegged to adding job skilss whic are provide by classes after work within the factory setting. I see US politcal impedimet by ""educators"" who inknowingly answer needs with 'Junior Colleges"" or book based theory/ Bot a coplete waster of human capital/ Hands on , get the hanf it and go from there.In Sprinfield MAss, at a junior college, they fill many classe with hands on training to fast track a ""biotec"" aprrenticeship. They have more student applications than they canpossible handle and compaies line up the hore these grads. Yes focusedd, hands, o apprenticed skill learning nas no substituts."	0
I will be assigning this article to my class of 50 1st year students at UT San Antonio as part of the material used to discuss ethics in research.	
Thanks for making it so easily available.	
"	1"	
I am happy that you have open access on this file. I needed it for my studies in book history at Lund University in Sweden.	0
"It takes a huge effort to develop software that works when said development is being done in a developed country like Canada or the U.S. Developing the systems initially used by the DSA Project using the old legacy software popular back in the late 1990's was particularly challenging - especially the incorporation of five languages and three different alphabets. Wow! What a challenging and interesting time in my life. I especially liked Dr. Peterson's use of the word ""brilliance"" when describing my efforts - it's appreciated. It was an honor to work for Harvard and to be a part of something so beneficial for Ethiopia. Cheers! "	0
This is my son's dissertation which I had not seen before.  Thanks for the access.	1
I rely on the web for access to the bulk of the 	
computer science research I care about.  I'd 	
like to thank Harvard for its commitment to 	
"making its share of this resource available.  """	1
This result was important to building the case for one of my dissertation papers. 	
"Additionally, the free access allowed me to share it with my empirical IO students who could follow along on their tablets when we discussed it."	
"Thank you!!!"""	1
I will use this article in preparing recommendations for estimating the social cost of carbon for federal land use decisions.	0
I have no money to by books and review!!open acces is the solution for a democratic education	0
it gave mw a chance to have what I wanted.	0
This article is very helpful in preparing my dissertation on the Eastman Kodak laboratories. My dissertation focuses on the historical development of innovation and information management processes during the tenure of Dr. C.E. Kenneth Mees  who was the first director there.	0
"The study on belief causing benefits of exercise when actual exercise hadn't changed was great!  I'm studying alternative healing.  If the client doesn't have faith that they will get well, they don't get well - that's as true of conventional medicine as it is with alternative methods.  There are changes in the physical body that originate from the emotions.  I'm glad someone is looking into this more, and publishing their findings."	0
"Thank you for open access. I work as an Occupational Health Nurse and as such I like to see what the cuirent trends are as well as reviewing literature for ""best practices."""	
"I am also working on a Master of Nursing thesis paper """"Exploring Healthcare Workers’ Occupational Safety Experiences with Workarounds."""""""	1
"I teach in a public high school and lack of internet access to research articles in a non-university setting can be very limiting. I need to stay up on research myself as well as prepare my students for the challenges of locating appropriate research, understanding it, and evaluating its limitations. This particular article is useful as our school site wellness coordinator. I expect to use some of this data to overcome barriers to staff participation in our district wellness program."	0
"Several years ago, my doctoral supervisor got cancer and after a long battle, passed away. Unfortunately, her illness and her death were politicized and, to make a long story very short, I was unable to finish my dissertation (I am ABD). Now, several years later, I am trying to finish my dissertation but do not have access to my school's library because I can't afford the tuition until the semester that I will defend. Otherwise, tuition would simply be a very expensive library card. Open access means I am closer to finishing my dissertation. Thank you."	1
"Open access gives me the opportunity to obtain important sources of my research quickly and efficiently, since we does not always have access to works of certain publication dates. An effective contribution to a common knowledge."	0
Thanks!	1
"I am creating a guidebook for how to start worksite wellness programs. I am citing your article in two sections of the guidebook: Section 1. Why Worksite Wellness, and Section 2. Securing and Sustaining Leadership Support."	0
A U.S. Navy Veteran with many years in historic heritage preservation with focus on ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE and attempts to implement a JOBS CREATION and ENTREPRENEURIAL Trainings with the QUINDARO RUINS/ Underground Railroad archeological Free Port of Entry off the MISSOURI RIVER.	
"Furthermore, our area has the highest rate based on percent of INFANT MORTALITY among African Americans in the entire United States; back in March 2014 I was invited to participate in a very important NEW AIR RULES - E.P.A. Conference in Raleigh, North Carolina at the Triangle Research Park-"	
"It was preparing for that conference, when just conducting a basic internet search about all the TOXIC WASTE, COAL Power Plant, massive gigantic UNEMPLOYMENT- that a new term came to my attention:"	
"STRUCTURAL VIOLENCE""""."	
"Now, I am trying to encourage more attention and consideration - focus to """"STRUCTURAL VIOLENCE"""" in the after-thoughts of Ferguson, Missouri and the nEEd to implement a massive 21st century new W.P.A. for chronically UNEMPLOYED Veterans and American Citizens and to have it managed by University Institutions, instead of City Hall or Topeka. "	
"THANKs for your """"beautiful TIME-LESS"""" article, that is as relevant today in AUGUST 2014, and the day you submitted it, back 1987  !!!"	
xxxx	
"QUINDARO RUINS / Underground Railroad- Exercise 2015"""	1
"I have two books in Malayalam narrating the story of origin of rice. The first one was published in 2008, by the state language institute, Trivandrum (Rice And Culture) and the second one (Rice in ancient Kerala) by the Sahitya Academy Trichur last month. Other articles on the origin of rice are available in Boloji/ vsankarannair. The recent book has has argued that China owes india for its rice, cracking their own folktale. i have examined two living tangible heritage rituals one the worship of antler in the place of worship of the traditional houses in Travancore and the other the ritual of celebrating the birthday of rice on the Regulus asterism in the month of September. both are astronomically studied thoroughly and inferred that the rice cultivation originated in south Travancore."	
thank you	
"sankaran """	1
"Subject article (see title) was cited in 2014.07.10 NYRB. I have a passing interest in the history of medicine, particularly how medicine is socially constructed and how thinking in medicine reflects changing world views over time. "	
"It would be even more helpful if, instead of simple scanning, this article had been OCR'd and was searchable."""	0
"I was quite delighted to peruse the item, ""Mosaic Physics and the Search for a Pious Natural Philosophy in the Late Renaissance.""  It added to knowledge which I had already garnered from many years of research in three different fields, namely, historical theology, intellectual history, and counseling.  Having done six years of research in church history (some 3000 5x8 notecards covering more than 250 sources), written a Master's thesis in American Social & Intellectual History, a prospectus for a doctoral dissertation in Black History at Columbia University, carried out a project for a Doctor of Ministry degree on the subject, ""Christian Love & Race Relations,"" and obtained a Master's in Counseling, and research in a number of areas within the preceding designations, e.g., two years of research on Agape love in the pericope, I Cors. 12:31b-14:1a, I think the Pious article enlarged my perspectives on an approach to biblical teachings over 40 years ago.  This was when I was writing my thesis on a biblical teaching and its effect on people over a 100 year period (1750-1850).  I slowly and painfully came to the supposition that, if the Bible was inspired by Omniscience, then one ought to expect a profundity of wisdom and knowledge commensurate with such a source.  The experience of a Native American friend provides a metaphor that indicates the nature of Scripture.  He was fishing on a mountain stream in Virginia and decided to cross the stream to the other side.  He said he looked down and figured the water was 2-3 feet deep as he could see the grains of sand rolling along the bottom. He stepped off into water 18-20 feet deep and almost drowned.  As a former Atheist and one more oriented to intellectual aspects of life, it made quite an impact on me to see that the Book that I had once considered as junk was deeper than I could possibly conceive.  Like my cousin, when he was in the navy, who was invited by the captain of his ship along with the other sailors to go swimming in ""the deepest swimming hole in the world,"" I found that I was dealing with a book of ideas and other elements (literary masterpieces, scientific realities, and an optimism utterly unbelievable (a future for the earth of anywhere from 20,000-900,000 years plus man's settling of the planets of far away solar systems).  I have found that the reality of the intellectual element, that is, the way the ideas are presented to influence behavior, is of such a nature as to make a person balanced, flexible, creative, constant, and magnetic. Sad part about it is that few people are interested."	0
I agree with David Mumford that commercial book publishers do not have the same interests has academic researchers.	0
"MSc Student - Advanced Healthcare Practice, to be come a nurse practitioner - England. Many thanks."	1
Researching my Great Great Great Grandfathers history.  Records indicate he used this institution in 1845.	0
"Thank you for access to this article. Our College Dreams organization has a contract with our Local Workforce Investment Board to provide career related learning services for youth, and this will be exceptionally helpful information for us to develop an evidence-based template for our work. It is possible that one of our Dreamers may attend Harvard at some point in the future. We have lots of very bright, high achieving students who are from low income families, Hispanic, and/or at risk of academic achievement gaps. We are tracking access to elite colleges through Questbridge."	1
"As a teacher at Ridgewood High School in New Jersey, ""Open Access"" has allowed me to make available to students and faculty such items as Lizabeth Cohen's BRILLIANT 3 1/2 page condensation of her outstanding  400 Page  book""A Consumers' Republic"".  This should have sparked serious  conversation about major issues facing our society."	0
"I am writing a book on new religious movements that have arisen within African indigenous religions. The book is being written from class notes that I have used for teaching the course ""New Religious Movements within African Traditional Religions"" to MA Students of African Traditional Religion of the Department of Religion and Philosophy, at the University of Jos, in Nigeria. "	0
"This is my first encounter with DASH.  As an academic, I believe that open access to research results encourages collaboration, interchange of ideas, and broadens the base of people who will be exposed to the research."	0
"By allowing me access to these articles, OAF has helped me acquire much more information. "	
"My world has become more interesting, and I understand a little more."	
"Thank you!"""	1
Using this article to write a paper on future trends in clinical research for my master's program.	0
It helps me further my understanding of Linguistics when I'm just a psychology Major. It's easier for me to explore other fields of study to further the discovery of knowledge and to inspire novel ideas through intellectual cooperation.	0
I'm a MD Pediatric Critical Care staff and professor in critical care.	0
It is very important as it makes available important material that may not otherwise be accessible.	0
"By publishing elementary articles on the founding principles of feature-structures and unification in natural language grammars free of charge, the work on my Master's thesis has been greatly simplified."	0
Having access to this information on wellness that is open to the public has allowed research on my part to take place for my place of work's new wellness initiative.	0
"I'm a TV producer working on a documentary series about Jesus and Early Christianities for CNN. So having free, easy access to Proper Stand-Up research (rather than having to go to the library all the time) is a huge help."	0
Easy access to reading important papers that benefit the greater scientific community.	0
"During high school I used several articles for research on debate topics, and I have continued to use this service as a student at Utah State University. Having digital access to quality research has helped me write papers and learn from top scholars I would not otherwise have contact with."	0
"I provide administrative support to research faculty within a research center. I am frequently asked to pull in-text references from proposal narratives or drafts of research results prior to being published and then prepare a reference list. As I scour the internet for accurate details to place in citations, it's critical to be able to access materials. I also gather research materials for research faculty and graduate assistants, depending upon topics they prepare to investigate. I genuinely value the ease with which I can look at materials on your site."	0
I am a young independent researcher and access to the article was pivotal in progressing my argument. I am so appreciative. I look forward to presenting at my first international conference this fall!	0
"It was very valuable to me to have access to the PhD thesis of Alexandra van Geen, as I am working on gender differences and financial risk taking and could use her findings."	0
I teach at a small liberal arts and sciences university with an even smaller library budget.  Efforts such as these allow us access to content that we would otherwise have to pay for out of personal or professional development funds.  Thank you.	1
"Dear author/receiver, "	
"I saw your article on a nber-email-list and based on the title and abstract, I thought, gee, it's chirstmas again. If your article would have been non-free or not in open access, I wouldn't be able to read."	
"Those instances that are supposed to produce public research, should make their articles available to a greater public (private research is another matter). This kind of policy would benefit everyone?"	
"	0"	
"O.A. is hugely beneficial to me as an artist who is always on the look out for inspirational reading material. Having completed my post-grad studies in fine art, and relying on a low wage job to get by, I simply cannot afford to pay for access to academic material, both on-line content and hard copies in book form. Public libraries here in Ireland are rather limited, especially in Cork city."	0
"I am an AKPIA Postdoc at MIT's Architecture program, working on the Elazig & Dersim region and the transformations that occurred in the last century as a result of modernization projects and state building activities. I am quite interested in how these affected nomadic tribes and their livelihood, bumped into this resource by a very happy coincidence as I am seeking to build a background reading repertoire for this project."	0
"I am a first year, first quarter, nursing student at Spencerian College in Louisville. I am using this article as a scholarly source for a research assignment about Islam that will help prepare my classmates and me to better understand, treat, and communicate with Muslims in the course of providing healthcare in our communities."	0
I will use this information for two courses I teach. In Biblical Archaeology to show that urbanization must be pushed back In Introduction to Old Testament to show students that there was a very long urbanization period prior to the Patriarchal Period and that the Patriarchs lived in a cosmopolitan civilization.	0
I'm using this article to research the benefits of wellness programs for employers. I work at a non-profit community organization and we're looking to offer financial wellness programs through employers.	0
I discovered this article through the Wikipedia entry on UNICEF. I was doing light research to determine whether or not making a donation to UNICEF was wise. I did not read the whole article but what I did read was very educational.	0
I'm a non-academic so the only way I can legally read this stuff is by open access.	0
"Thank you! You guys have helped me out a lot while writing my thesis project. Nowadays is so hard to find open access articles, and you were a true oasis for me."	1
the book is zipped and i coulndt find the password either in the link given. 	
"	0"	
I'm a senior studying Management/Information Systems at Park University. I used Open Access to find an article to cite in a position paper for my Senior Seminar in Management class. Thank you for sharing information.	1
It helps me in preparation for my comprehensive exams in corporate finance and investments. Thank you!	1
"I am an intern at the American Independence Museum and was given the task to create a specialized tour that will be available for the public on Purple Heart Day, August 7. I chose Spycraft of the American Revolution as my topic for the tour and am hoping to gain valuable research and information through the use of this document."	0
Hi! Thank you for creating and mainting this iniciative. I am unable to buy books from overseas because of the tight control over currency exchange in Venezuela. I am grateful for the opportunity to access material I can cite for my undergraduate thesis in Anthropology which I am happily about to finish by way of the joint sponsorship of the Universidad Central de Venezuela (my university) and the Instituto Venezolano de Investigaciones Científicas. Thank you!	1
"Hi!  I really love the idea of open access.  It makes information available to curious minds around the world and helps people learn!  I have a health and wellness business, and I have used your open access articles to read about information that I might not otherwise have had.  Also, this is a credible source of information, and I know that when I site it, people will take your credibility into consideration."	0
"I am currently pursuing my Master Degree in Business Admin, and this case is a class assignment. Thanks for sharing with poor college students."	1
"I am trying to learn the entire history of the world. I work full time for minimum wage so I don't have a budget for books and papers, or much time to go to the local university to read journals. Finding them free online is making my project possible. Some day if I have money, I hope to get a BA in Anthropology degree. Thanks for making this paper available."	1
"I was trying to find something about the open library that Darnton so frequently talks about. Meanwhile I've so often seen him give this talk, and have been meaning to transcribe the video that the library at Smith College has of him giving this talk. Now I have the written article in my hands and can use it as a reference. As someone in book arts, who lives in this communication era, it's one of my favorite subjects, ""the history of the book."" I think others can benefit from knowing this material as well."	
"	0"	
"Thanks for publishing this article, it has assisted me in writing part of my graduate Capstone on the cost-benefit analysis of corporate wellness programs. It is great when appropriate articles are available without having to pay an exorbitant access fee. I will cite accordingly :) Much obliged!"	1
I needed this article for a lecture on twentieth century Latin America.	0
"I came across a newspaper article quoting a ""study"" and wanted to read the original to verify the statements in the article and get more information about the described effect."	
	
"Using google I found the paper from the study and was able to read it and verify the which facts the newspaper got right and which were exaggerations."""	0
Am working on creating a sustainable technology compendium and tool for government polisies for housing the rural homeless.	0
I am an Extension School student and I am writing an essay on the Odyssey. David Elmer's article deals with an aspect of an important issue I am investigating.	0
"I am a bee keeper in Damariscotta, ME and wanted to share this article with other members of the Knox-Lincoln County Beekeepers Association. Thank you for making it available"	1
"I am currently in the process of developing a new graduate-level course which includes a module on the promises and pitfalls of Big Data.  I have to weed though so many articles to see if they are relevant and from reputable sources.  It's also important to my that the articles are interesting, engaging, and stimulate the student's imagination.  This meets all those criteria.  Thanks for so generously sharing!"	1
"I'm currently working on a research project on new business models for antibiotics, and this research paper is among the literature which I wanted to review for this work. Public availability of papers like these remove barriers to accessing knowledge during research projects, enabling new analysis and generation of new knowledge."	0
"I participate in an ongoing discussion on religion, philosophy, and ethics with a couple of friends via e-mail, and access to articles like this one ensures that no one is completely uninformed in our little group."	0
"I'm with the Harvard School of Public Health-India Health Partnership, working alongside Peter Berman and Vish Vishwanath to work with Indian institutes/individuals/NGOs to improve health."	0
"As a parent with a child diagnosed on the autism spectrum disorder, I am grateful for free access to scholarly research that allows me to learn more about ASD without diverting resources that can be better applied to serve the needs of my child."	1
"In no small ways, considering the wealth of knowledge so easily and freely accessible by just a click. Key articles for PhD student is unquantifiable, simply remarkable."	0
"Having these journals open to the public has made my educational career very easy and informative. Especially as a high school student. It is very difficult to find many credible works online for free, the digital access to journals on the Harvard Website allows me, and other people my, to have access to journals and papers that can educate us, and help us complete well-informed and cited projects. Thank you Harvard!"	1
"I am interested in Houqua because I came across an account in a family history of ancestors who traded between New York, the American West Coast, and China in the 1790's and early 1800's. Houqua features prominently in one of the stories. I am also a student in the MOOC ChinaX, so I am a great fan of the rich materials Harvard is making available online."	0
"I began working on a research project as a summer ""student"" worker at a psychology lab associated with a major research university (the summer after graduating from a library science master's degree program). I left the job in the fall (for a job in the private sector), but continue to work (unpaid) on the university project because it interests me. I have no library sign-on credentials, which means that even though I am collaborating with professors and post-docs on their ""official"" work, I cannot access journal/proceedings content that is locked behind a paywall. I am participating in ""real"" research but I am to some degree invisible to the research community, because the university (writ large) has no capacity for recognizing the affiliations (intellectual, social, economic) between itself and me. It is both useful and gratifying to encounter open access projects like this one that do not refuse to serve me, do not even inquire after my status."	0
Having the ability obtain research on obesity and perception or misperception of weight status.  Topic I am currently completing a research study in at my primary care family practice.	0
"I am studying Psicology in a university degree. I used this resource get a better and wider comprenenshion of a chapter of Applied Psicology subjet, the political Psicology."	
"	0"	
I'm a retired feminist psychotherapist doing independent research.	0
"I'm currently doing genealogical research on a Plymouth ancestor who was hanged in 1648 for murdering her four-year-old daughter, so I was excited to get access to Laurel Thatcher Ulrich's article, to learn more about the period in which my ancestor lived, and the way the Puritans viewed, valued, and vilified women. I've read Ulrich's books ""Good Wives"" and ""A Midwife's Tale,"" and I'm inspired by her work as a historian, and the way she can piece together scraps of primary sources to give us a vivid window into the past. I wouldn't have been able to get this article without Open Access, and I'm really grateful for the opportunity. Thank you."	1
"This article was referenced in a New York Review of Books article dated 7/10/14, reviewing Abrams book on Founding Fathers and Medicine."	0
"I live in Venezuela.  Public libraries here are almost inexistent.  Universaity libraries are lagging behind beause they do not have enough money to pay subsbriptions. So, to get information in Venezuela is quite difficult. Projects like DASH open a wide door to scholars and other people searching for knowledge. Thank you vert much"	1
"As a dietitian in a community setting, I do not have access to many online academic journals.  Free access to quality research like this is extremely important for me to keep up to date in my recommendations to the public (which happens many times a day).  I am currently working on a presentation on healthy oils and need to review the connection between saturated fat and heart disease.  Thanks SO MUCH!"	1
"Practical details of work are often left out of publications, but are included in dissertation materials.  This is very helpful for those of us interested in replicating and extending the work of others in the field."	0
"In the latter part of the 1980s, a handful of Australia's Rural towns (<10) became alarmed at a growing tendency for their local residents to 'Outshop' and resolved to do something about it."	
	
They thought they saw an answer in a promotion developed in the USA's mid-west in the late 1940s). That promotion -'Shop Locally'- had proved reasonably successful; County after County had succeeded in convincing their local Communities to reconsider 'Outshopping'. (I.e. resist the temptation of the seemingly 'brighter lights and 'greener pastures' of distant towns.	
	
"But the USA had only one issue to confront; Australia had two and it has been that failure to see the 2nd issue that has led to their Traders (small to medium sized retailers, usually owner operated and shopping strip based), slowly drowning in a rising tide of dead and dying stock. "	
	
'Shop Locally' has been a complete disaster. This paper has been instrumental in having towns accept that 'Shop Locally' is not for them and to see why they will need to reconsider their respective positions. 	
	
"As matters stand, Traders are now considering an alternate solution to their problems; that solution has the distinct advantage of being the same as is needed to resolve three (3) of the most difficult and long-lived issues facing business (and any Advertiser/Marketer) worldwide; the effectiveness of the Advertising budgets; the efficiency of the Marketing spending and the precision of the PR budgets."	
	
"Each Community is in for a share in savings made and those saving are sufficient to turn (fund) their Communities into being the most desirable parts of the world's most liveable country. GW. """	0
I am a grad. student and this article will be used to support a discussion for school.	0
"I wanted to to let the Harvard and the authour know how much I appreciate this research. Having been away from the academic literature for some decades, this was great read. The author brings complex issues to the layman in a fascinating way. Thanks."	1
Benfitted from Open Access by getting valuable information for my dissertation.	0
I am a social worker doing educational outreach at a museum on Long Island. We are trying to empower local immigrant families with a goal of increasing educational equity for their kids in local schools. The article I printed will support our arguments for outreach expansion.	0
"I work in an NGO and I can't have access to all the academic journals that I would need, so your service is great!!"	0
"As an alumnus of one of these institutions I will shortly be speaking at an event commemmorating 40 years of women at mixed colleges, and this appears to be very interesting research."	0
"I have completed my PhD but my quantitative skills need honing.  I work in my field for the government, but fiscal cuts have diminished (annihilated?) access to peer-review journals at work.  Scholar Google at home is the only access I have to source articles.  Thank you for making them available, as professional development is a lifelong pursuit!"	1
I am researching the grotesque and shock through a performative investigation of perception (practice research) at an Australian University. I am citing my investigation in the Katyn massacre. The grotesque aspects of the massacre and the equally grotesque aspects of the society led by Stalin are matters of concern to me.  There are some resonances here in the grotesque humour that may be found in a totalitarian state such as North Korea.	0
I am doing an MA in Classics at UCL and am writing an essay on The Poseidon Problem about the issues surrounding the composition of the Odyssey and the separate origins of parts of the story.	0
it helps me do my research	0
Shared with a professor/researcher in Turkey who was looking for good resources on understanding Internet technology.	0
"Well no elaborate story, but thanks!"	
	
"I am interested also in gender, bumbed in here as a historian from the tangible things mooc."	
	
"Thanks, it puts perspective in my life. """	1
"I am taking a edx course, Tangible Things."	0
"I am a community level researcher in Charlotte NC, working for a midsize nonprofit without funds to purchase articles. I am analyzing school discipline data for a ""race matters"" workgroup in juvenile justice, and find that race doesn't account for enough variance in the model. I took Dr. Wilson's urban poverty course at University of Chicago in the mid-90's, and needed the update on the DSR position--I now will be able to refer to this body of work, to educate myself about updates, and use the information to teach others (judges, school administrators, teachers, juvenile justice folks). Yay, Harvard. Please tell those U of Chicago folks what you're up to ;)"	0
"I am watching Professor John Merriman's HIST 202: European Civilization, 1648-1945 online and he has nothing but the best to say concerning Professor Darnton's work on the topic. I retired from the military in 1992 and have trying to answer the question, ""How and when did our country become so far removed from the founders' intentions and ideas""."	0
For our master thesis about what drives Chinese FDI in Sub Saharan Africa at the Norwegian School of Economics.	0
For our master thesis. Thank you!	1
I think it's lovely  that Harvard is providing open access to marvelous papers like this one. Thanks very very much!	1
I am a tutor at Erdiston Teachers' Training College	0
"I am a teacher at Erdiston Teachers Training College, in Barbados, and I am looking for current issues in Social Psychology"	0
"I am studying the ideas underlining the wearing of togas in Harvard in the 19th century, through edx."	0
"Assigned reading for the EdX course ""Tangible Things""  Thank you for providing access."	1
"I have noticed that ""Barker"" (Nicolas Barker) is mistakenly spelled as ""Baker"" in the text."	0
To re-write (v. Barro and others) a chapter of my book Lezioni di EconomiaAziendale	0
"Having this article available on-line has made it tremendously easy, in terms of access, for us students.  I have decided that basis of my dissertation is desistance from crime, so this article is quite helpful."	0
It is always useful to be able to read academic articles for free on the internet.  It is very irritating to have to register on a website and give them lots of personal information that they sell to advertisers and then find out the website is overrated.  I really appreciate Harvard not engaging in this type of behavior.	0
"My masters dissertation in the University of Reading is based on Darton's communication circuit. I have been using the 1982 version, but """"What is the History of Books?"" Revisited"" is also key. The university did not have access to it and the price (US$ 30, I guess) was really expensive for a student. Thank you so much for making it freely available! People tend to think that those enrolled in a post graduate university can afford academic articles, but I have seen that this is not the case."	1
"I'm studying the edX Harvardx course ""Tangible Things""  This is an additional reading that looks really interesting indeed.  Living in Europe, access to scholarly work like this is a rare treat."	0
This is an elegant bit of scholarship with a topic well-suited to advocacy for open access. I appreciate knowing that it is available to anyone who finds it cited in my own work.	0
"This is my first access. I am a translator, living in Brazil for 43 years, and this time I needed information on Robert Darnton and his writing regarding the history of books. He was quoted in the Ph.D thesis I am translating and I needed to find the exact English he used. However, he was referred to in the thesis as Richard Darnton! Therefore, I was also able to correct a serious mistake!"	0
"I was able to answer someone's post on Quora about how CSR is actually good for business, by citing a relevant HBR article."	0
Open access allows me to be nimble in my scholarship.  Having access to this article allowed me to quickly find an article for a group of collaborators and then submit a related conference proposal just in time.  Thank you.	1
This article worked as a good secondary source for my final paper in philosophy of the body.	0
"I am really interested in this topic, and am thinking about building from this article for my thesis work. Thanks for the access!"	1
"I am phd student in Iran, and I am doing my thesis on creativity, but because of the sanctions against Iran, we do not have access to many references, but I need many of them. having open access to this cite was a gift."	0
"I wouldn't have paid $35 for the article, but would have read a related piece for free."	0
I am a high school student. I cited this article writing my final paper for U.S. history class. It's difficult for me to find reputable sources to cite besides the ones made available by my school's subscription to JSTOR. Seeing [PDF] while making Google Searches actually gives me something of an academic rush whenever I am doing research for school--or even for pleasure. Harvard's Open Access is a gold mine for students like myself.	0
"I watched Amy J.C. Cuddy's Ted Talk and became interested in her research and then found this article online. I am an English teacher in the business studies faculty of a small university and also talk about body language in some of my classes. Even though I can access research articles at my work place, I believe science should be freely available to all online instead of being hidden behind paywalls."	0
its tremendous to find quality research work in area of interest. This will add to quality of research across the globe.	0
"I often find it very frustrating that many academic papers are not accessible for free. This is only encouraging students not to use the vast resources we have access through our universities. It is a discredit to the academic works themselves, as it seems highly unlikely that students would pay to access this content. To see this project is very encouraging."	0
"Open access is essential for those of us currently outside of the academic community. Many continue to do research, writing and even teaching outside of the mainstream of academia and with all such endeavors one is constantly encountering new horizons and new issues previously unknown but yet both relevant and interesting. So, e.g., during some discussions recently the debate between Einstein and Bergson came up, something none of us involved in the discussion knew about in any depth. DASH provided a nice piece for us and while it is appreciated we of course wish that all relevant secondary sources on this topic could be available to us. We're grateful to Harvard for the forward-looking view that academic treatments ought to be openly available and we look forward to more such access in the future."	
J. Meythaler	
"Washington, DC "	
"	1"	
"I work in Human Resources at a large casino/hotel. We have retention issues with our housekeeping staff. I am looking for ways to help change their mind set about the tough, physical work they do."	0
I have been asked to edit a forthcoming work on the same subject.	0
"I enjoyed reading James Simpson's book, Burning to Read, which I learned of recently through an old online discussion of other books on similar subjects. (I think I had started off searching for something about Ockham and univocity.) Some of the secondary sources Simpson cited in Burning to Read were ones I was not familiar with, including this earlier article of his. Evidently it elaborates an argument briefly referenced in Burning to Read that I found especially interesting."	0
the artcles I was able to download give me a measure of capabilities	0
"Recently commissioned by the Maine Legislature to report on the initial implementation of LD1422, requiring public schools to award a ""proficiency-based diploma"" based on Maine's standards. Used this report in literature review."	0
"As part of my masters degree at Stockholm University I'm currently writing a short analysis of the scientific methods used for a doctoral thesis I've read. I realized that the literature I have was insufficient in describing the methods used, and a google search led me to this article. I've found it very helpful."	0
"During my career, I helped design and build electro-optical imagers for environmental remote sensing."	
"At present, I'm writing ecological fables about animals who may or may not reflect on their place in the natural scheme. Studying currents of nineteenth century thought helps me show what motivates my characters and develop plots that are plausible and compelling."""	0
"I am busy with my PhD in Sociology on ""Constitutional Court Rulings and Heterogeneity in South Africa: A Sociological-Critical Evaluation"".  This article is crucial in my discussion on heterogeneity."	0
"Great research article. It relates directly to an issue I am working through right now. And this article helped me answer some questions about this topic that I have had recently. Finally, I am so glad that this research is free to access and read. "	
	
"The one critique I have is the lack of tables and graphs. The paper refers to graphs and charts, and there are placeholders in the text to indicate where those graphs should go. But they are missing."	
	
Can you upload a paper with those graphs/tables?	
	
"Thanks!"""	1
"I'm a veteran marathon runner, I have 66 years old and I am studying a nutrition  masters degree  and have been looking for a connection between homo sapien who ran and walked every day for food and compare it with man modern which is practically sedentary with over weight and obesity  this book iwill use  for reference only"	0
"I am just finishing a two year adult ed. course in Kerry, Ireland and am hoping to go on to further study. As part of this I have been researching mental health, adolescents, stigma and rural isolation."	
"Whilst looking for research and information online I came across a DASH paper. I am sure that I will be looking at other items in the future and maybe one day I will have work to deposit with you."""	0
"I was curious. Layperson, not commercial (yet at least, but still, mostly curiosity) or academic, and it's nice to be able to read this stuff. So I want to say thank you."	1
This article provided a rich framework of critical thought questions for discussion when training Directors of a non-profit organization.  The article made for excellent back-home application of concepts of what it means to grow as a leader.  Thanks so much!!	1
"my research feild is ceramic _through google,I find Open Access. I AM VERY THANK FOR OPEN Access to give me a chance .and get the article Studies on Synthesis, Structural and Electrical Properties of Complex Oxide Thin Films: Ba1-xSrxTiO3 and La2-xSrxNiO4, I am studying in CCTO ,in the article ,involved in ccto.thanks to Open aceess,thanks to harvard."	1
"As a citizen actively engaged in advocacy for the environment, I often seek on-line information to better understand legal and governmental proceedings."	0
"Thank you so much for adopting a creative commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 License. Indeed, having this book right away, without having to wait the shipping and delivery helped me for my research on my P.h.d on comparative privacy law."	
	
"Best,"	
	
"S."""	1
Very helpful for in-depth views.	0
It is an excellent place to get the information	0
I was researching methods of determing the hardness of metal alloy films thinner than 1 micron and this article was very useful in understanding the problems ahead.	0
My library doesn't have this journal; this way I didn't have to wait for days for them to send me a pdf.  Thanks!	1
"I am writing a paper on European integration and a free access to scholar's papers is very valuable to me, as it allows me to gain time, knowledge and insight"	0
I'm able to find great peer-reviewed journal articles for my research projects. It's great.	0
"mestrado em administração publica,   foi util para analisar  uma disciplina sobre transferencia de rendas"	0
"Access to this article has been substancially helpful as a legitimate, trusted source on the economic impact of the Emancipation Proclamtion. This has aided in my completion of year 12."	0
This DASH is a great idea! I'm an alumnus of the HKS living in Mexico City. This service brings even closer to the Harvard community and keeps me more informed about the progress of my professional field. This particular article on collaboration helped me remember ideas and bibliographies I had almost forgotten or never known. Congratulations! and keep up the good work. You are helping not only the Harvard community but the world community interested in the advancement of knowledge	0
I am a JD/MBA student writing a paper on an emerging company in an emerging industry. The ability to quickly find articles like this one via Google Scholar has increased my ability to absorb an industry's climate and better determine where the company I am looking into sits in that industry. Best.	0
"I am currently a Philosophy student at UH Hilo and am engaged in a personal research project  on the theory of ""race"" as a social construct. I have been researching several recent scientific journals pertaining to the genome project and new genetic findings that raise some questions as to the validity of the ""race as a social construct"" theory. I am interested in understanding  what degree  social influence plays on our current categorization of humans in relation to biological information being discovered by new technologies. I am curious as to the implications of new findings and how this research will affect the ways in which humans see one another in the future. I am also interested in preservation of cultural heritage as I feel rich cultural expression gives individuals a sense of place and belonging in the world. One's heritage gives a sense of roots and ties and I believe that having a sense of place is psychologically beneficial. "	0
With an Open Access I can write more credible and advanced reserach papers. Availability of high-quality sources increases my understanding of the subject and empovers me to make a better contribution to the science.	0
Open access lets me continue to be part of the ongoing academic discussion without needing the discussion to be my career. The world needs open access because it needs informed people engaging in the informed discussions and fostering the informed decisions on which both our survival and development depend.	0
"I am a student at Columbia College Chicago, doing a Public Relations project and presentation about the potential benefits of the legalization of recreational cannabis use in the United States. This is a research-heavy topic and I also enjoy being informed about current issues in my country to have an informed opinion that I can defend and discuss. The access to the fact sheet about the history of medical marijuana in the united states will give me foundational knowledge on the current cannabis issues and debates in the US."	0
"In preparing my dissertation outline, Dr. Valeri's Ph.D. thesis (2012) will be cited as an inspiration for providing an excellent model."	0
This digital access was really helpful for my research paper thank you so much for doing this and I strongly encourage this program.	1
"I am designing a new employee wellness program that includes two distinct attributes that may improve employee productivity, attention during work hours, and lower healthcare costs and premiums paid by employers.  Your article on how wellness programs can generate savings (research and open evaluation) and allowing me open access to this literature is saving me significant time along with providing excellent information and insight to these issues of employment as I prepare my program and proposals to potential clients."	
	
"My solution to the issues discussed in this article; particularly productivity, absenteeism,  (while adding other issues such as life distractions, and workplace relationships), can be addressed by offering small group educational sessions along with individual sessions on Advance Care Planning for healthcare services.  The employee is able to use this wellness program for themselves and other members of their families. As an independent program contracted by the employer there is no need to worry about HIPAA or the ADA since these sessions are confidential."	
"	0"	
It gives me an important aid in my mater thesis!	
"Thanks a lot for sharing the article! """	1
Wildly helpful.	
"I use an article by Paul Sylvester in my social studies education course and he cites Wilson's earlier work as hugely influential in his thinking. Having Wilson's recent revisiting of his own ideas and how they have been used will have a gigantic impact on how I teach Sylvester's work with my graduate students. Thank you!"""	1
"Thanks to Open Access, I had access to valuable information that helped me complete my undergrad thesis. Thank you for providing this information to the public!"	1
"I am retired physicist and energy systems engineer. Only when relieved of my professional duties have I had time to pursue knowledge outside my fields and my civic duties.  I thus now study only economics, political science and social psychology, with the intent to steer the public policy debate within my community."	0
"Literally life-changing. There are companies that charge huge amounts for access to articles, and the idea that even a few could be made available to anyone, for no end other than the distribution and proliferation of human knowledge is just ace."	0
"Persian Civil Engineering Central Company ""BonianSazanShomal"" databank Datamol Archive and Directory next days for Iranian Engineers if if if get DIGITAL ACCESS..."	
#NAME?	
#NAME?	
"-Windows Azure tell We are unable authorize you to purchase Azure, nice now and here I tell why my country """"IRAN"""" don't exist in your localization or exist but cover for my that I unable to see my local..."	
-GitHub tell We didn't receive a complete request from your browser in time and All time!	
-COMODO tell The identify of this website has not been verified and connection don't encrypted	
#NAME?	
"http://www.mohamadrezarezaei.com/"""	0
"I compete in dog obedience and like many others, suffer from ring nerves regardless of my dog's training and skills.  When I heard about your work on the TED radio hour today, I immediately thought if might prove very helpful integrated into ring prep.  Of course, I also have to warm my dog up so we're both ready for our run, be waiting at ringside for when the judge is ready for us, etc.  How long do the effects of power posing persist?  This would be critical for figuring out whether/how this method could be used.  For example, would 2 minutes of power posing persist through 15 minutes of prep followed by a 6-8 minute run in the ring?  Thank you."	1
I am a medical translator. I am looking up how a particular acronym (VAC) is used in context so that I can determine the correct expansion of the acronym in the document I am translating.	0
I am a staff attorney at a 501(c)(3) based out of San Francisco. Our small firm focuses on legal and technical solutions to ending homelessness. 	
	
Open access to academic literature helps support my research. 	
	
"	0"	
"I am a graduate student at Niagara University. My focus is on the historical effects of structural racism (ie. discriminatory housing laws, police brutality, etc.) and its application to current sociological/criminological conversations. Being able open and free access to study articles such as this augment argumentative claims, as well as original and developing theses. This has helped me research Social Disorganization Theory, and analyze its strengths and weaknesses of logic."	0
It's GREAT to see Harvard's DASH.	0
"This has helped me complete my MBA, and having full access has significantly increased the time I have to devote to study, rather than chasing sources of references. Thank you."	1
Thank you for allowing this article to have open access. It's great reading findings from credible studies. This provides me with more of the information I need to confidently continue to develop tools encouraging prosocial behavior in the community. Thanks!	1
This article helped me to write a paper on the economics of marriage and divorce...thank you for sharing.	1
This is the way research needs to be popularized. Very helpful.	0
"I am an associate professor of biology at a small, women's college in Milwaukee, WI. As a small school with a limited budget, having open access to materials at Harvard has been extremely useful as our library does not subscribe to very many science journals. I am conducting research with my undergraduates that requires us to have access to new publications. The open access materials at Harvard allows access to many first generation minority and pell-grant eligible students that would otherwise not be able to access this information. Thank you for providing this resource!!"	1
I am teacher of Philosophy.	0
"doctoral  student, older than average - ability to do research with limited funding with open access. Thanks."	1
"Used for background information for the following 2nd year Economics Essay in Corporate Finance at the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom"	
"Many commentators have blamed the subprime crisis on “irrational exuberance.” What is your view? Explain and discuss."""""""	0
Thank you for sharing this article with the community of people doing research in American studies.	
"E. Boulot France"""	1
"Writing a short paper during the last semester of my undergrad on how BP dealt with Deepwater Horizon, and it's wider economic effects. There doesn't seem to be a lot of published papers on the subject so even just this one being open access was a fantastic help. Thank you."	1
this article is so abscons but interresting	0
KNOWLEDGE SHOULD NEVER BE HOARDED.	0
"I will use the information and policy ideas here to support After School Matters, a Chicago not-for-profit providing high quality after school educational opportunities to at-risk teens throughout the city's neighborhoods.  These opportunities include exposure and training in visual and performing arts, sciences, and employment readiness training."	0
"I am a Senor Researcher and a University instructor. I have a course of Economic Measurement and I want to explain Barro´s point of view about Ricardo-Barro public debt theory. So, this artice has been very important for my course."	0
"I am researching leadership and management development approaches and effectiveness in INGOs as part of work develop leaders in the INGO I work for. Open access to quality research and literature is invaluable to me in this, as I work in a resource constrained environment. Thank you."	1
Being able to access this article has helped me with research essay for my first year criminology course.	0
"I am teaching an online intro to biological anthropology course, and the college's library materials are rather limited.  This is very helpful!"	0
Thanks very much for sharing this dissertation. I'm writing a novel and this paper has helped me understand the philosophical and physical aspects of time.	
	
"Thank you very much. """	1
"As a US Veteran and only Vocationally educated, this open access has help me understand the Life Science procedures that have been delivered to me.I have turned to our nation's Universities and leading Laureates to receive understanding in Humanities Advance. I have had phenomenal medical procedures administered to me that I have endured as a US Veteran in the name of Medical Science."	0
My undergrad planning students are very concerned about food systems and affordable healthy food planning.  Giving them access to up to date research is very important!	0
Thank you for the open access to this article. It helps me save time and money by not having to order and wait for the article to arrive just to see if it meets the criteria for our meta-analysis. Your open access is GREATLY appreciated.	1
"Thank you, I needed this article for my master's thesis."	1
"I have recently discovered that a genetic per-disposition in my wife's family towards kidney disease, previously unexpressed in her generation, has suddenly reared its' head. This has implications for our children, both of whom appear healthy and happy, but in whom may lurk a ticking health time bomb."	
	
"In response to this discovery I have started a search of literature on the topic of organ donation, and organ markets, so I understand the implications of the organ transplant system in my own country (New Zealand) for my children should they need transplants later in life."	
	
"Being able to access informed peer reviewed  literature on the topic easily is a great boon - especially when I am surrounded by so much information of dubious provenance. Keep it up Harvard - this doesn't decrease your value, it bolsters your brand. Thank you."""	1
I posted this article on the course website for my students to read this really insightful and accessible article.	0
The article by Joshua Goodman on Standards Reform was just what I needed to help me better understand some of the history and success or lack of success of standards reform.	
I am currently working on my Master of Education in Science Curriculum and Instruction. Thank you for your resource.	
"James Moore"""	1
"I came across this article when searching for twentieth century global resources for a course I will teach in the spring 2015.  As an Atlantic historian, I am very interested in transnational approaches and nontraditional ways of examining history outside the scope of periodization and politics.  This article has given me a new way to think about territorialization and the possibilities for organizing a 20th century history course.  Look forward to the new text. Thank you for sharing this article."	1
Open access greatly assists in enabling students  to research and cross reference the findings of  local articles with other international studies done at Harvard. It also enables us to find and read articles that were referenced in other studies and use them to further and strengthen our own conclusions.	0
"I am in the UK and am studying for my Masters in Careers Coaching.  I am funding my course myself and access to great articles like this for free really does help.  Thank you!  It also gives me a view on what is happening in the rest of the world, rather than just in Britain."	
	
"NB I had to shorten the article title as it exceeded the maximum amount allowed."""	1
Hi 	
"Being able to access this article has allowed me to more carefully evaluate the benefits of a psychological happiness intervention and relate the results to this study where acting in the role lead to behaviors and perceptions aligned with that role. Thank you for allowing it ;)"""	1
I got to read this paper. I really appreciate the access provided by Harvard. I hope to use the findings of this study in my daily activities where otherwise i feel anxious. Thanks!	1
I'm an author here in the United Kingdom and I try to base my articles and books on peer-reviewed academic research of high quality. The fact that articles are available in open forums is really useful for me as I am not officially affiliated with any research institution.	
	
"Thank you for making publications openly available."""	1
I am doing a research on Kant and Hegel and I think this article is very helpful to comprehend Kant's moral philosophy because Christine Korsgaard's work is reliable and rigorous.	0
"Thank you for making this article accessible to me and to the public.  My work as a Clinical Psychologist is centered around the use of healing visualizations/mental imagery and I have seen patients change their lives dramatically through this work.  Your research lends credibility to this work and gives skeptics a way to allow themselves permission to engage in a process that may feel illogical, unnatural and just too foreign. With some science to hold to people are more willing to try something different and change their lives.  Many thanks, xxxx"	1
"I am an assistant professor at Hacettepe University, Ankara-Turkey."	
"This material is wonderful for updating and comparing my courses. I just checked some material for my urban economy courses.  """	0
Political Science PhD student at Columbia- learning this is really interesting	0
"When access is open, I can immediately share with my students and urge them to share with staff in their social work agencies.  When the article is under university database, the language of restriction leads the reader to think that we cannot share it with colleagues in the field. Then, we wonder why research takes so long to percolate into practice"	0
This is a phenomenal source that is greatly helping me learn about issues in race and public health. Thank you for your generosity.	1
"For the better part of past decade I've worked with an individual that has devoted his career to the fabrication of a newly orginal alphabet, and consequently conjoined orthography; which embellishes written communication via Mandarin Chinese. As work proceeds toward the production of working tools, and implementation of higher order functionality, the article helps this author better understand the linguistic issues at hand, and the approach devised which constituted the acknowledged parsing algorithm."	0
I found an amazing dissertation about the work of my favourite author that has enriched my understanding of his work.	0
Thank you for making this available; it was a key source of information on a relatively obscure topic for this essay I'm writing about political polarization in America.	1
I am working on my Masters' thesis in Brazil and it was very appreciated to have open access to an article I needed.	0
That article was very helpful for my research. 	
The free-access give a great possibility to develop my study further.	
	
"Thank You@"""	1
"I'm writing my masters thesis in educational technology. This paper contained information relevant to my research topic, and I wouldn't have been able to incorporate this into my thoughts with the generosity of Harvard."	0
"I used, and cited this article in a memo of law tangential to this issue."	0
"I am working on a research project about human capital accumulation, institutional improvements and long term economic growth in Argentina. Among others, Barro, Glaeser and Acemoglu are fundamental references."	0
"I am allow to hear for free about what rich people think about why poor people don't care about the future - if Harvard is serious about advancing knowledge, then there should be a fund of money available to make critiques of suhc papers open access as well.  Otherwise this initiative serves only to forster inequality in the name of philanthropy."	0
"I am fascinated by human evolution and how we are only just beginning to fill in the gaps of the whole story, which I believe articles by academics like Bramble are doing so much for our understanding. Being able to read this feeds my thirst for further knowledge. Thanks for making it publicly available, it is really appreciated."	1
"I like reading analytic philosophy, but money is very tight and i can't buy even a fraction of the articles i want to read, so open access is GREAT for me. Thanks."	1
I am a high school debate coach.  We are researching the idea of fairness in the American political process.  We appreciate the ability to access this article very much!	0
I investigate relationship between smart power and political rituals	0
"Hi,i am a PHD candidate from Jinan University in Guangdong Province of China.I major in international economics and trade,and i am interested in this article from you.I will cite this paper if i use it in my study.Thank you for your attention."	1
"These points of view fascinate me, and ring true. Yet despite all the many forms of deadness described in the article, Stravinsky, putting all those ""dead"" bits of material together, created a cohesive, live, thrilling and powerful work. The marvellous singing of the soloists and chorus of the 1951 Cologne recording (Stravinsky conducting; Peter Pears, Martha Mödl, Heinz Rehfuss) vividly expresses the pity of Oedipus' tragedy. And there is, for me, the same mute but agonizingly strong appeal in Stravinsky's statis figures as in the wooden-headed figures of de Chirico, all the stronger for their confinement.  "	0
"The pro-life movement is finally transcending the question of whether or not the unborn human being is, in fact, a human being.  As the debate turns toward the ""personhood"" of the unborn, the main distinction drawn by this essay will become indispensable to the pro-life cause.  The author seems to be aware that a certain school of thought is presently gaining popularity which proposes that legal personhood ought to be based solely on cognitive ability.  Needless to say, certain animals and computers function cognitively at a quantitatively higher level than the unborn human being.  However, if a logical argument such as the one presented in this essay can point out that rationality is proper to the human species and absent in non-rational animals and computers, the latent abilities of human beings may come to be respected in such a way that their innate personhood is recognized and appropriately protected.  Thank you to the author for his help in this matter."	1
I am a museum professional without an academic affiliation nor a terminal degree.  Nevertheless I am a constant and published writer and lecturer without access to an electronic library card in an academic setting.  Further I do my writing on a Caribbean island without a library of any sort.  I am almost totally dependent on the internet for my research and am often blocked access to what I want because access requires I must be affliated.  I am grateful to you making this and similar work accessible.	1
I am an independent researcher using this material to show the value of business model building for efficacy. Divination is analogous to how models project to the future. Access to this material lets me build my business and in turn help others build theirs. Thank you!	1
"I am the editor of a 2-volume Handbook of Behavioral Medicine (Wiley Blackwell) that is being published April 2014. Although a chapter on Diabetes is included in the Handbook, there is a compelling reason and need to go beyond a single chapter such as can be expected from a publication of this type. Fortunately, in addition to serving as Editor for this Handbook, I am also Editor for the Wiley-Blackwell Handbook Series in Behavioral Neuroscience. Accordingly I expect to have a contract for a dedicated volume on Behavioral Diabetes signed in a matter of weeks. Access to the article I have downloaded will provide much value in assuring the breath of topics we seek, and will assist us in identifying additional experts who might contribute to the various sub specialties"	
"we wish to have represented in this unique volume. """	0
Background material for a class	0
"I'm the PTA president for Blair High School, the largest public high school in Maryland.  I am also a Masters of Education candidate at Trinity Washington University. I am a huge public school advocate and am distressed to see the private take-over of our schools under the guise of school reform - high-stakes testing, standardized curriculum, deskilling of teachers and charter schools. It would be helpful to have more peer-reviewed studies of the Alliance Schools - I notice that the word ""charter"" is assiduously avoided by Alliance Schools."	0
"I am a fourth year BSc(Hons) Agriculture student at SRUC Ayr, Scotland. I am undertaking my honours dissertation on food labelling. This article has helped me to better understand the history of food labelling and create more structure to my literature review. Thank-you Open Access."	1
I'm conducting research on racism in West Virginia.  Stephens-Davidowitz' dissertation has information that helps to inform my research	0
"Thank you for making accessible this research! As John Naisbitt correctly stated ""the new source of power is not money in the hands of a few but information in the hands of the many.” Thank you for empower the academic community"	1
I'm taking an online Coursera course and this article is part of the assigned reading.  I appreciate having it available online since it would be difficult for me to find a library that subscribes to this journal.	0
"Thanks for your documentation.  I am using the data to help expand my novel, Cosmic Rift, wherein the main character grows up on Mars in the 2300s and transitions to space exploration in adult life.  I am writing a love story between him and his co-commander, and I need to know the nearest location to Victoria Crater because I am creating a lava-tube transit system running from Victoria Crater to the next ""nearest"" city.  It will be either Eagle City (for Eagle Crater) or Endurance."	1
The ability to access the full text of articles for free has affected me greatly over the last 4 years.  I am getting ready to graduate college in May and have had to use articles for research numerous times.	0
As a retired professor still doing research this has provided access to articles that would otherwise be hard to access.	0
"I am so glad that this article is available!  I am completing my Pharmacy degree at the University of Florida, and found this article extremely well written, thoughtful and balanced.  The discussions surrounding Alternative Medicine are typically one sided, severly biased, or patently false (from both sides unfortunately).  I have access to online peer-reviewed journals through my university, but this article by Tricia Hwang is the only one I have found so far that devotes a significant amount of content to the Alternative Medicine side while staying scholarly and factual.  I believe this is just a paper that Tricia wrote for a course, so this would not be avialable for me in online journals were it not for this Open Access service.  Thanks!"	1
This is one of the better foundation articles on the subject of assimilation that has proven useful in the ethnic studies and political science courses that i teach.	
	
"Thank you """	1
"I am a high school student looking at my family of 4 exomes sequences to try and figure out genetic causes for my brother's problems.    My brother has autism, epilepsy, and intellectual disability.  It looks like he may have a CNV+ in the BOD1L gene and this is the only study I can find with BOD1L listed with autism."	0
This well-done paper was extremely useful for my research on tea trade and I am grateful for the opportunity to read it.	1
"I really want to get the data from authorityies. You know, it is sooooo hard to access authorities in China not to mention requring data from there. It helps me a lot. THANK YOU!"	1
Thank you for the opportunity to share how access to the paper helps me. I am currently enrolled in a Masters degree in International Animal Health through the university of Edinburgh. I am presently trying to find out as much as I can about which cancers can be regarded as infectious diseases iin their own right.	1
I am researching the link between the gut microbiome and autism at UoA as it affects my son.	0
I am looking into OCD and how it is experienced by the significant other	0
"Hi, I'm a graduate student in France with limited resources and having access to papers from the Media Lab and the Berkman Center for Internet and Society is instrumental in my research project.  Thanks a lot for this. I really appreciate."	1
En forma muy positiva	0
I am a Canadian meteorologist and author writing s book about biometeoroly and your ressources was very helpful in many science and studies aspects.	0
"I used this article for an ethnography I'm writing about Champagne for my Anthropology of Food and Nutrition class at Hampshire College. Thank you for your work! After this paper, I have changed my summer plans from working on a New England farm to hopefully working on a vineyard in California."	1
I am always thankful for Open Access content that helps me thoroughly researching my position papers which I write for my national Medical Students' Association.	1
My name is xxxx.  I have chosen the neuroscience field and am planning to abtain a PhD in neuroscience from Harvard.  The dissertation gives me an idea of what is expected.  Thank You.	1
"Got some interested points from the article, by just browsing through a few pages.  Seems like a lot of in-depth research was done. Hope as I continue reading I will be more informed. Thanks."	1
Open Access has made it possible for me to work on my Master's thesis from home. This is extremely important to me because I am the mother of a small child and it would not have been possible for me to pursue a degree otherwise as the institution that I am enrolled at only allows periodical access from the library.	
"Thank you"""	1
"Working on an essay for ""Economics of Developing Countries I"". The essay question is to critically assess the view that worsening inequality is a cost of economic growth. Found this resource very useful, thank you for making it publicly available"	1
"Excellent - an important piece of work, immediately available, without cost - so easily accessed by scholars across the world, including those who cannot pay the exorbitant rates demanded by the journals."	0
"I am a grad student, and as such have an inveterate need for access to scientific articles in order to complete my class assignments and to further my own research. Without free access, I would not be able to afford to conduct the literature research I require for my degree progress. Of course my institution affords me access to many research articles, but very far from all those I might desire to refer to. Thus the decision of institutions conducting and publishing research to provide open access to their articles to the public has greatly facilitated my education. If one day I no longer belong to an institution that provides institutional access to scientific articles, I will be entirely dependent upon the generosity of such entities for the furtherance of my personal and scientific growth. In principle, the fruits of scientific progress should be made available to all, in order to foster public awareness and understanding of science - otherwise vital knowledge about mankind, the world, and man's place in it will belong exclusively to the minority that can pay for it."	0
That is  the confirmation of how we work everyday since we founded our company. Thank you a lot	
	
"	1"	
"I am doing research about the german journal ""Der Teutsche Merkur"" (1773-1810) by Christoph Martin Wieland. In the issue of february 1796, the author of an article called ""Darwin's Sinngedicht auf seine Zoonomie"" mentions the poem ""the Loves of the Plants""."	0
This article is accurate to the political climate in my Canadian backyard.	
	
"The province I live in majority is French. Many ditch high school at a premature age in pursuit of other economic gains. In Québec, 50 years ago, the public College system was implemented to stimulate trades and professions otherwise unattainable to the French mass, seeing the class structure was English oriented."	
	
"In 2011-12 when the Occupy movements gripped the world, the Québec student balked at the prospect of paying the difference on tuition during Liberal austerity measures (especially at a 200-400% increase within a decade for a simple undergrad BAC degree). ''Maple Spring''. "	
	
The leaders that managed the province for the past decade failed in their attempt to appease the fundamental privilege each person has to education in this province and so they were voted out for a different party with outdated ideals.	
	
"Now the province is marching steadily to a second election within 18 months since minority government inspired change due to corruption and disenfranchised Canadian sentiment. The motives are secular, hate inspired and bias - seeing the media is intertwined with politics like it was in Italy with former PM Silvio Berlusconi, the separatist moguls here are eroding the base of identity to bargain a third referendum in 34 years."	
	
"I fear for Québec as it may whitewash the progress it has made as a collective. Since this informative article reminds me that even if the EU functions as a symbolic entity, there's no sense in learning history if people don't inform themselves in place hastily alienating themselves from the larger world."""	0
Thanks for making the research available. Free knowledge!	1
"thanks. good article by Sen on the Paretian liberal (or his/her inexistence), and open access is very much welcome."	1
"I am involved in historical education including stone age and being able to read about the precise finds is invaluable. I can now show pupils how to twist flax fibres into cordage as part of their stone age experiential learning, as well as use natural plant dyeing. This information is just too important to keep secret, so thank you for sharing!"	1
I access essays like this for my class in AP Language and Composition	0
"because our college has not yet bought english literature, we have no changce to get new valuable research papers to read. the only way is to download articles on google. you have done a wonderful thing for me and others as me."	
"thanks a lot!"""	1
Had part of my brain taken out...it's nice to be able learn at my own pace and not have to worry about flunking out of a course I paid for	0
It is an incredibly valuable resource.	0
"currently enrolled in consumer psychology class for my BA degree.  thhis article will be helpful in this weeks' assignment, a 3-page paper about cultural differences in consumers.  THNX!!"	0
!	0
"I am a part-time lecturer in US history.  I like to improve my lecture notes and keep them up to date with new research.  I'm no longer affiliated with a research institution, so places like this are the only way for me to gain access to the latest research.  Thank you."	1
"I am a doctoral student preparing for my comprehensive exam and dissertation. Accessing the articles I need free of cost pushes my scholarship to be more accountable and in line with what others have already found, and it exposes me to high quality research that I can model my own studies after."	0
Hi there	
	
"Thanks for making this paper freely available. I'm doing my independent study at the University of Worcester UK which aims to study the role Ice ages play in the speciation of 6 passeriforme families and freely available papers are a little difficult to come across in this subject area, so I appreciate it."""	1
"This is Oriol, an engineer from the UPC (Barcelona Tech) and I'm currently studying about mismatching engineering requests and consumer needs. I've found some documents on the website interesting to me and I would like to have the same system to publish the documents in my university."	
"I really envy you!!!"""	0
I am in the throes of writing a book set in Kansas post Civil War.  The lead male character was sent down from Harvard in 1857 for unruly behavior and I was researching Harvard students of that period.	0
I am an English actress researching women in education for a stage production of The Great Gatsby in London. This is an ideal documentation source.	0
"I recently turned 70 and heartily salute this work!  With a history of family dementia and a growing concern about how to take preventive measures now to protect my assets against future inability to self-determine when or how or if I will be able to continue to make sound financial decisions, I read this article with great interest.   I am particularly interested in learning more about setting up ex-ante protective mechanisms and safe harbor ideas.   Would willingly participate in future studies you might conduct.   Daughter trustworthy but cannot interest her in becoming more a student of investing.  She and husband rely on financial advisors with vested interests in their investment choices.   I have a moderate estate with no annuities and self-directed Vanguard mutual funds."	0
"I am interested in the religious symbolism and the use of counting signs and systems in the neolithic, prehistoric and Bronze-Age  Near East, including sites in northern Mesopotamia, such as Yarim Tepe, Jarmo, Hammoukar, Tepe Gawra and Tell Brak."	0
I am an independent scholar with an interest in the ancient Near East. I am grateful for open access literature because archaeological books and journal are often very expensive.	1
This helps me get a much better framework for a paper I am writing on immigrant segregation.   Thank you	1
I work for a non-profit agency that is interested in applying research findings like those discussed in this paper to our work in Detroit.  I have no means of accessing substantive research like this on a subscription basis.	0
need references on digital life. thank you for making this paper available!	1
"I am writing a Quick Look Blog for Deloitte on ""Imagine There's No Retirement..."" The report on ""The Asset Cost of Poor Health"" is amazing; I haven't seen anything like it, that quantifies health. "	0
The article sheds some light on my research and help me walk to the right path.	0
This article greatly changed my perception of what goes on inside boardrooms	0
"Generally the erstwhile investor comes late to the retirement altar, drawn there after years of recklessly reinforced spending and with an attitude of unaffected simplicity, nourished by a opaque sense that the certainty of time will always present future opportunities to plan for a secure retirement. Earning a living and seeking compensatory material rewards from labor are the twin sirens that tame the spirit against an Ann Ryan like self interested sacrifice in the service future security. The financial services media and its mavens disseminate an unending host of contradictory advice, statistics, blogs and white papers that taunt our procrastination. Personally, I feed on most of it, and the effort brings rewards. It is only when you acquire an ability to connect the dots in the retirement planning maze and develop a sensitivity to the impending needs and costs associated with living outside of the workforce in later age that a disciplined inquisitiveness of possibilities emerges. Your portflio becomes a shopping list, and the whole world becomes your veritable oyster."	0
"Recently retired, I am writing a book on the branding of the Republican Party.  Since tax reform under President Reagan is a touchstone of the Republican brand, this article is very much on point."	0
I am preparing a lecture on altruism at the University of Guadalajara that will be open to the public	0
Provision of access to sentinel articles which would otherwise be difficult to obtain.	
"	0"	
Gathering research to support the funding of a mindfulness program at a Fortune 500 company. Having open access to this study saved me both time and potentially money. Thank you!!	1
Thanks for the really quick and easy access :)	1
"Many issues have stories and reports with conflicting information, so your open service is a nice site to check out to see what research has shown. I was particularly interested in an article about obesity by David H. Freedman who quotes a scholar named Lessar saying that, as far back as the '60's, obesity was as prevalent among lower social classes as among higher classes. I am very curious about this because lifestyles have changed over the decades, so I wanted to find the data on those historical trends. Without your open-service, such confirmation would be impossible."	0
"I was looking for a short text on the future of internet for an English as a Foreign Language class I'm teaching, and I stumbled up your access to the book ""The Future of the Internet -- And How to Stop It."" I've downloaded it, though I haven't read it yet. But, from reading the Foreward and Preface, I think it's something that should be widely read. So, thank you for making it available. If I find it useful, I'll look into ordering a printed or e-book version of it so that the author gets the royalties he deserves."	1
"I am using this article to propose a workplace wellness program for my 4300 employee nonprofit hospital in Sacramento, CA. I will turn in said proposal next week. Fingers are crossed that this article helps!"	0
I am currently doing research on the effects and implications the beauty premium poses	
"to individuals in their socio-economic sphere. All of this research is for what is to be my last transfer-level English course in college."""	0
"Enjoyed the piece on using historical satellite imagery. I am retired US Army Intelligence and we used similar systems and methods for finding indigenous campfir rings in the Mojave Desert of California. There is much, much more to be seen in that imagery."	0
"We are a union.  Within our organization, many members are critical of 'open access,' although the concept seems both interesting and resonant to me.  I have begun to build out a website for the chapter, which had no virtual portal until recently: http://www.nwuat-large.org.  As part of that process, I update a ""Daily Links"" section five times per week.  These material here will reach out to a larger public thereby."	0
I am a PhD student researching how neighborhood factors contribute to crime rates in an effort to assist a local neighborhood.  The unfettered access to the seminal Sampson & Groves article is very helpful towards this end.	0
"First I must say that my data is strong I've read a lot of books Like the book, Thomas Hobbes Leviathan This article is about the physiology of human emotional communication And the Social Contract ---Note that in this article I'm really stressed Humans are pretty accurate mental picture of yourself But the most accurate picture of your perception of the outside or inside Which is the better detection"	0
"I am an adjust professor at the University of Missouri, Columbia. I use the Daigital Access to Scholarship at Harvard in the Doctorate of Nursing Practice curriculum as a way to increase students' abilities to retrieve complete documents for their scholarly writing. I also work globally in Kenya, Haiti and Uganda. Because of the open access to key articles for maternal child health, care of vulnerable populations and developing nations' health care challenges, your site provides teaching materials and concrete examples to my global health care workers about retrieval for their own writing and research. I am a nurse midwife and family nurse practitioner with 37 years of experience as a health care provider and teacher. My PhD is in health education. Your generous digital sharing allows me to complete full circle what I have taught over my career; for patients and providers, knowledge is power. I have used this current article while teaching a graduate level course on vulnerable populations. I wish the information was not true; this case that will blacken our medical reserach history forever."	0
"At a recent important debate, it was stated: ""The impetus of the suffrage movement and the 19th A. was the sudden high unemployment caused by the US soldiers coming home and taking back the jobs"". Nothing on direct point as to jobs lost for women; yet the premise that the suffrage movement was a sudden phenomena; I knew to be a serious under statement of their struggles! It was a long and often bitter struggle as are most expansions of liberty."	
"     Thank you for making your research available!"""	1
"I'm writing an article for VISIONS, a publication from the National Association of Occupational Health Professionals, on marketing a wellness program. One of my interview subjects, xxxx, executive vice president of xxxx Health Group in xxxx Tennessee, cited your study during our conversation. I wanted to obtain the specific citation for our readers. Thanks for making the study available."	1
The Open Access feature has saved my life when it came to writing my research paper!	0
"I am an adjunct teaching Latin American Economics at NYU. A retired Wall Streeter, I will use this paper to expand my knowledge (or memory) of the Mexican crisis."	0
I am an internist (and yoga teacher) doing a presentation on Yoga in medicine. I think this article wonderfully illustrates how yoga and postures affect our brain and hopefully our health.	0
"Thank you for allowing access, as a MPA student at CSUN University California, and a full time LA County Department of Social Services employee, access to such articles has made my graduate studies easier. I appreciate your generosity in allowing articles such as these to be available to everyone."	1
The Open Access has allowed me to access interesting journal articles. This is very important since in the country where I live public libraries do not offer access to journals it has been extremely useful to be able to access the journal articles from the Harvard University.	0
I am researching the origins of multiple period portfolio theory from the work of Hakansson onwards.	0
"Having open access to research papers is invaluable, and much appreciated."	0
"I am researching the Bengali Muslim community's movement towards Socialism, - a subject on which there are very few published books. Making dissertations open access helps greatly as many theses touch upon related areas which help to build up a total picture."	0
"I am founder and president of  grassroots advocacy organization, Prison Action Milwaukee, Inc (2009) for prisoners, ex-prisoners and their families. I am reviewing the literature in preparation for developing curricula to influence/guarantee desistance from crime."	0
I'm doing research on what link research has been able to establish between digital game based learning and complex learning outcomes in science education.	0
"I used this article for my references section of a module I am creating for my Technical Writing course. The module is titled ""How to become a global citizen: a guide to incorporating less meat into your diet."" I used this article to understand the origins of the food labeling. Great paper!"	0
"I'm an anthopologist who turned out to be a makeup artist (yeah, that sometimes happnes!), so I was collecting facts for a paper and felt in these article. Very interesting having my two interests in life colliding here!"	0
"I'm a reporter at the New York Times, researching an obituary about a cosmetics industry innovator, Horst Rechelbacher, who established a 'natural cosmetics' brand. Seeking information about his company, I found almost nothing but promotional copy and promotional videos until I stumbled upon the work of Geoffrey Jones,  a Harvard Business professor who has written on the subject. I am most grateful to have been able to access Mr. Jones' paper, ""Entrepreneurship in the Natural Food and Beauty Categories.""(2012)  I think it will greatly broaden my perspective in writing Mr. Horst's obituary. "	1
"A wonderful article.  I am reminded of the lines from Edmund Waller: ""Small is the worth of beauty from the light retired.""  Open access brings such treasures to light.  I plan to use it next fall for an undergraduate course I teach on Politics and Collective Memory."	0
"I think the Open Access Policy is extremely, extremely useful for researchers in the developing countries. Our libraries often cannot afford the high subscription rate of many of the journal. This open access policy is a big step towards dissemination of knowledge."	0
This open access get me to the critical publications related to my research	0
Open Access makes a huge difference to Research undertaken by us lawyers in developing country. I am a practising lawyer in India and currently working on Research Project for an NGO in Bangladesh on Child Marriage. It is only because of the open and free access to research papers that has enabled me to understand the situation in detail without having to hunt for books. I am all for free and easy access!	0
"Hello, "	
"I am a senior undergraduate student writing my honours thesis in symbolism and food in the French Revolution, and found one of my sources here on the Harvard website. Thank you for the article, it's been very helpful in clarifying the role of Cheyne's thought in shaping dietetics of the 18th century! """	1
It has enabled a chemist to access what geochemists are discovering in an area of interest.	0
I'm writing a research review on the topic for my Capstone class in order to graduate from The College of New Jersey with a BS in Biology. Access to this article is extremely helpful for me to quickly find and learn as much information as needed for a very intensive project.	0
"I am currently studying to obtain a Master's degree in Energy Economics from Université Pierre Mendès France, Grenoble. I am trying to understand how the uncertainty in climate change can impact the choice of appropriate economic instruments : emission permits, taxes or norms."	0
"I'm an Australian student studying and interning in Washington, DC in a fast tracked quarter program and have to do an annotated bibliography as a submission worth 10% of my grade towards one of my submissions and Open Access meant I could finally find a reliable journal article source that gave me the whole paper to read meaning I can actually do my work!"	0
It was very helpful in the writing of my thesis in the concept of human dignity in the Renaissance and in the understanding of the difference in perspective between these two giant scholars	0
"It's is such a time considerate, convenient and easy to access benefit.  Research is difficult enough and when you have to stop and search through data bases and enter layers of information to get to the information, it is a frustrating and crazy-making process.  Thank you for open access."	1
"sometimes, it is difficult to access the paper published in Math Annalen since some of the palaces I visit do not have Springer subscription. It is most useful to have this open access to be able to access papers like this beautiful and highly useful paper.  Thak you, open access!"	0
I use the posted items for debate research regularly. The documents are very useful and in-depth.	0
I am an independent researcher no longer connected to a university so cannot access this kind of information	0
"Taking a course about the evolution of British Identity, found this quite helpful. Was unable to find access to it anywhere else, so thanks!"	1
"I am a 38 year old independent researcher studying autoimmunity and cancer. I believe that the compartmentalization of knowledge and research, combined with the expensive nature of accessing journal articles and specialized university databases, severely impedes the likelihood of new discoveries and breakthroughs. Your Open Access DASH has provided me with rigorous and impeccable science and overall medical thought in general.  By making this information public and free for everyone, you are doing a great service to the minds who are striving to solve the riddles of disease. Thank you!"	1
It is always help thank you.	1
If the purpose of an article is to contribute to an active movement of reform then it needs to be read beyond those who can afford it!	0
containing 9 points and 12 lines	0
Im an economist and political scientist and I was very saddened by the death of Aaron Swartz. This reminds me of his work and unfortunate death. 	
	
	
"Indeed the principle of keeping knowledge bifurcated around the world is terrible. One thing that elite schools outside the US had was the fact that if you had wealth AND went to a good school, you could afford the exorbitant cost of textbooks. To be honest, though it does keep faculty active and with some sort of alternative profit motive at G7 schools, it makes education very expensive everywhere else. In local currency, imagine how much those 100 USD textbooks cost the average student at most universities."	
	
"I KNOW that we all write and teach for a living and its necessary to make education as open and accessible as possible. Lest make textbooks, and their inaccessibility a thing of the past."""	0
it really helps a lot during my school final year project.	0
This article shaped thoughts about how to enhance performance outcomes for traditionally underserved student populations.	0
I am an independent scholar and want to better understand how civilization progressed from the Neolithic to the Iron Age in the ancient Near East.	0
I am interested in the development of written communication and urbanization in the ANE. I am an independent scholar.	0
I am an independent scholar with an interest in the emergence of math and writing and ancient cosmologies and symbolism. I would like to understand better Bronze Age western Asia.	0
I'M MEDICAL RESEARCHER ENFEREMEDADS INFECTIOUS AND TROPICAL ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH AS WELL. CLIMATE CHANGE AND SPECIFICALLY emerging and reemerging diseases. 	
	
"INTERACTIONS STUDY  ABIOTIC (HEAVY METAL MAINLY) ASSOCIATED WITH HUMAN HEALTH"""	0
I am so grateful for having open access to this article for class even though I am not a Harvard student.  It is filled with reputable sources explaining important information in an engaging and well organized way.  Thanks :)	1
"Allows me to research without worrying about being on the university network, or worry that the library has/hasn't paid for access to a particular journal.  This is great for the betterment of society!"	0
"I am finishing a book which includes two chapters about morality. I saw a summary of the article and found it interesting. With your help, I could get a coppy in a few seconds. Thank you very much."	
	
"J. L. Cortizo"""	1
"Hi I'm a member of The Science Forum and the thread I started was called ""Do Viruses drive Evolution in Multicellular organisms?"".  http://www.thescienceforum.com/pseudoscience/40331-do-viruses-drive-evolution-multicellular-organisms.html"	
From a naive beginning we worked out that ERVs and TEs may have a major role in speciation.	
"The major part of genetic variation between Chimps and Humans seems to be in the genome of viral like origin, the ERVs and Transposable Elements."	
The endless variations in the patterns possible with these ERV and TEs seems to be another important source of genetic variation upon which Natural Selection works. 	
"Could this be sufficient to cause speciation?  """	0
I'm a student of environmental sciences in Brazil and my research studies the correlation between traffic jam and concentration of pollutants in the city of sao Paulo.	0
"Many thanks, this is a great chance to get access to academic data from Russia. It is especially important as there are very few scholars left in the field of South Asia here, and very few publications that are available even in the biggest libraries (such as, for example, Russian State Library in Moscow)."	
"At present, I am writing a paper on processions in India, and have chosen a few of them (including ashura procession) for discusion. """	1
"I am strongly interested in linguistics, especially the origins of language, particularly syntax.  However, I am completely outside any academic community, and do not have much money to buy books or library membership.  The Internet, therefore, has been tremendously helpful to me in following this interest.  I may even be able to give something back one of these days.  In any case, as a working-class person I have contributed to the wealth of the state in which Harvard and other academic institutions are embedded and by which they are supported and nourished, so I believe it is just if, at no great cost to themselves, they distribute freely to me and others like me the products I have helped make possible."	0
"Open access means that I can read and assimilate the most up-to-date information. As a student, purchasing papers and journals is expensive and unaffordable. Open access enables higher quality learning, producing better educated employees of the future. I would like to see all medical research papers published as open access to disseminate information as quickly as possible and ensure necessary changes are made for the benefit of all."	0
I am planning to include this article on a list of possible 'further readings' for graduate students in an introductory semantics seminar.	0
I am an MD currently enrolled in the MPH program at Columbia.  I am taking a molecular toxicology course and I have a assignment to research how polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons affect embryology and fetal growth and I was excited to come across the paper by Choi et al.	0
"Thank you so much for making this article available and so easily accessible! I am a PhD candidate working full time and, like so many, have to manage multiple initiatives. With a hectic schedule, it is AWESOME when I can find something I need in the space of a few minutes - I am indeed grateful. Thank you to all who I am sure work very hard to make this service possible! Harvard ROCKS!"	
"	1"	
I'm a stay at home mom with a graduate degree in sociology. I do  sociological  research for personal use to keep my skills sharp while I stay home to raise my daughter.. My alumni benefits do not include access to online databases. Dash therefore is my only access line! Thank you!	1
It transforms my ability to teach the history of early modern science.	0
"I am an undergraduate architecture student at the University of Pennsylvania, and I used open access to research the Stingray and its movement patterns. I used this as part of my in-depth research into this animal for a biomorphic architectural design."	0
"Thank you for providing access to this material.  I will be citing it for an assignment related to ethics in a negotiation, bargaining, and conflict course for my MPA program."	1
"I am a student of Holistic Nutrition at the online school, American College of Healthcare Sciences. I am conducting a literature review of copings strategies and journal writing. I find this article interesting because it is concerned with information overload from the Medieval period. Today in the 21st Century, we are faced with a multitude of stressors that over stimulate us in our daily lives. I just want to add that as we gain more knowledge and more advances, we have to figure out how to filter all the information we are bombarded with."	0
"I wanted my student to have an understanding of how Gang Leader for a Day is viewed within the academy. Dr. Bobo's scathing, scholarly account displays both the technical and professional standard I want my student to be aware of And the disdain for ""non-scholarly"" tropes so common at the university level. "	0
"In the process of choosing a major scientific study to write about where unethical practices were perpetrated on participants, for an assignment, I finally decided on the Tuskegee Syphilis Study. My search for details on said study led me to Open Access. I was extremely pleased to come across this scholarly article made available by such a well-known university. Thank you very much."	1
I am researching the resurgence of Catholicism in Louisiana after the Louisiana Purchase. French missionaries were central to that process. I would like to see exactly what was happening in France and thus what was transported to Louisiana.	0
"This article helps me in understanding one of the crucial issues facing the US economy, and the question of equality of opportunity."	0
"I am a licensed private investigator and behavioral analyst/profiler specializing in violent crimes and advocate for victims of violent crimes. Consequently, I work with victims of violent crimes, surviving family members, and other persons who have suffered significant loss on a daily basis.  I teach the use of power poses as a daily strategy to combat feelings of powerlessness, helplessness, and depression. The gift of these power poses is that not only do others perceive a more confident, cabable, and able individual, but I am convinced that by practicing these poses in the mirror, those who are struggling with their own perception of their power, and helped and encouraged and begin to see themselves as more powerful, confident, and able. I am currently in the process of adding the concept of power posing to the training I provide to victims and other witnesses who must testify in court, a  high stakes and highly charged event."	0
"I am an ""old"" white woman who was a very minor part of the Civil Rights movement. I teach Sociology at Houston Community College, one of the largest and most diverse community colleges in the US. Many, if not most, of my students have never heard of the Tuskegee Study and are stunned that such a thing could happen and that they never learned about it. Open Access to such information is vital to our ability to open up the world to young (and maybe not-so-young) people who are ignorant of their own history as well as the history of their country. "	0
"sholem Schwarzbard was my late wife, Eileen Morrison's ( Morrison maiden name ) great uncle on her father's side.  His name was Sol Morrison. Me, My family and children are very interested in knowing about their family history.  I myself, Larry Resnikoff, have begun research on this topic."	0
"Open access to academic work benefits me by resulting in my reading it, hopefully learning something from it, and perhaps later transmitting that knowledge to others - maybe just by contradicting fallacious urban folklore with others' research results. If an accessible work is clearly bad, I can simply stop reading and stop wasting my time, but if it were behind a paywall, I would not get my money back, despite the work not having added any value to my life. My practical solution to this information asymmetry problem is to simply not pay to read articles at all - I have other interests competing for my time that don't impose a paywall tax."	0
"I am a clinical research coordinator and I really appreciate being able to look up the real cases that affect the laws and guidelines of my profession, today.  Thank you!"	1
"I am researching some topics/information/studies for a digital health startup that I believe important to have some knowledge of, and that I might apply to the business logic if applicable. However, as I found out during my graduate research, and anyone that has ever done research knows, it often takes a while to first find applicable information, and then pinpoint the actual genesis of a piece of information; one might need to follow a few layers of citations to get to the meat of a given topic. With that said, it is so outside the realm of possibility that I would ever pay 35 dollars to read one article that I wonder who ever would besides institutions that must be getting ripped off. seeing things like DASH open access gives me hope that we can put an end to this racket that is so contrary to the spreading of information."	0
I am the human capital director for a large (~5000 employees) state agency.  I am attemtping to implement agency funding of a wellness program that includes medical screening.  THis article provides me with a cogent argument in support of my intiative from a reliable and unbiased source.	0
I am currently a PhD student interested in utilizing the dynamics of immigrant assimilation in my dissertation. By having access to this article I was able to obtain a better understanding of the different social elements that are associated to assimilation.	0
"Since we do not have access to psychinfo or any similar source for advanced and/or recent publications, this is an invaluable opportunity to get state of the art info."	
"Thanks a lot Harvard"""	1
Thank you!	1
"I am studying subordination in the Welsh language. Welsh is a V(S)O language and mirrors the VOS order of Malagasy in copular clauses. The article confirms my impression that the use of co-ordination as a heuristic for providing evidence for the desired interpretation of the syntax of subordination is essentially flawed: the co-ordination in (14) appears to be between two matrix clauses - one active, the other passive - not two embedded clauses."	0
"Looking at the production function which specifies a perfect substitutes relation between the intermediate goods produced by unskilled and skilled workers, I must say that such construction is not correct. The final goods need both kinds of labor and to think that they are substitutes does not say a true story. More over the final good is equal to the intermediate good (the cheapest) and only employs one kind of labor where no labor is needed to produce the final good. Finally is not intuitive to say that in any period one firm knows how to make a technological advance in either sector. This would imply that innovations occur one each period, and, which firm is the one that knows? I did not finish reading the paper since I didn't agree with the beginning of the construction. However I could say that reading it helps to clarify my intuition about what models should contain"	0
"As a member of a 'philosophy and psychiatry reading group' this article is relevant to our discussions, and, as a psychiatrist, I think it is relevant to thinking about my practice."	0
I am attempting to write a new history book for the IB's History of the Americas. I want to focus on an approach that shows that the relationship between England and Spain was pivotal in some of the first encounters in the Americas. This is so students get away from the general approach of founding of the US and then seeing the rest of the Americas as their present states. This way the accomplishments of Bolivar etc will be in a better perspective. Thanks for opening the article.	1
I am 77 and educating volunteer guides in the history of gardens through the ages and the open libraries is a real boon in this available material for me.	0
This is my first time to use the Open Access.	0
I teach public speaking at Moraine Valley Community College. I deal with students suffering from speech anxiety and we talk about confident body language and how it can physiologically make one FEEL more assertive and confident.	0
"Hi,"	
I am Shadma Fatima a PhD Scholar in Monash University. I am mainly interested in looking at methylation dynamics and embryonic and post natal spermatogenesis. This article is really helpful to make a strong base of methylation dynamics in embryonic SG.	
	
Thanks	
"Shadma"""	1
"I am a freelance medical writer/editor, and the information I have gotten from your article has been invaluable in helping me create accurate, useful material that will, I hope, educate the public about healthcare."	0
"Hi,"	
	
"I am a Law with Criminology student at University of Liverpool. I am really appreciative that you have uploaded this paper for public access and thought I would just leave a message to say thank you very much!"""	1
"I am a researcher at a school district, and I have no institutional access to journal article databases.  Having free access was crucial to my work in reviewing literature on validated survey instruments to implement at the district"	0
I am a debating coach in a francophone International Baccalaureate school and I am interested in your article about political instability and economic growth. I would like to share it with my students who are going in Regionals in British Columbia. Thank you very much.	
	
"Valérie Audibert, teacher of French Litterature and Debate coach"""	1
Using article for Global Health Educational Initiative for residents at University of Toronto for Primary care module. A required reading - for 3 night course with presenters and discussion.	0
"I have been an Independent Sanskrit Student for six years. It is the longest, hardest, discipline that I ever intend to launch myself into. After being overwhelmed for a number of years, I can now claim a reasonable level of success. I am presently reviewing: Lanmans Sanskrit Reader (Harvard) and Whitneys Grammar. Second time through is a whole lot better and easier than the first time I assure you."	
"I have read numerous articles from Michael Witzel regarding formation of the Vedic Canon, Aryan Migration etc. When one can localize a specific Sanskrit Text and gain a personal sense of the Historic Individuals involved it enhances the reading experience immeasurably."	
"Thanks to Michael Witzel, I have a reasonable and plausible understanding of Aryan Tribal migration into India and the development of the Kuru realm and its subsequent movement Eastwards. I look forward toward reading this article and learning about the origins of Buddhism. I do have an understanding of the Shramana, Sankhya, Philosophies etc. which should help. "	
"It does not escape my notice that apparently the Buddha himself was a member of a """"Saka"""" tribe: """"Shakyamuny""""  translated as: Saka Sage. How Saka tribes migrated into a populated and somewhat hostile India, I will probably never know?"	
"At any rate, Thank you so much."""	1
"I'm a PhD student, and working on public spending"	
"thanks a lot for this open access it helped me a lot, because I can't pay for all papers that I need for my thesis. "	
"best regards """	1
"I'm an assistant professor at University of Genoa, Italy. My institution doesn't have the access to Organization Science becouse of spending review. My fied of research is open innovation and social tools for open collaboration"	0
"I am a 49 yr old wife and mother, and now returning college student.  I cannot tell you how much this site has helped me get accurate, reliable research info that is trusted by my professors!!!!!"	
You have made life easier for this struggling mother!!!	
God bless!	
"Cynthia Florez """	0
"I thank God and Harvard that this article was made available for open access. Without it, my Term Paper on the critical reception of ""A Raisin in the Sun"" would be considerably more difficult to write without sources. Thank you for being such an awesome and benevolent major research University. "	1
"I'm a participant in a research project based in Manchester, UK, looking to provide patient led support groups using social media in the area of Chronic Kidney Disease.  I've downloaded your document as I'm trying to gather evidence and support to increase electronic communication between patients and medical professionals charged with their care."	0
Very helpful. Thank you.	1
"Studying Psychosocial Interventions in Psychosis, paper is helpful for Family Interventions module."	0
I am teaching a course on race and performance and stumbled upon this brilliant article.	0
"I am a high school senior currently competing in the morality-based debate event called Lincoln-Douglas Debate. This survey on the resource curse has dramatically helped my research for the topic ""Resolved: Developing countries should prioritize environmental protection over resource extraction when the two are in conflict"" in two ways: it provides a succinct summary of useful information on the subject, as well as referrals to other helpful sources. Thanks for helping me make this incredibly rewarding activity more educational! "	1
"I am a mature student (52 years old!) taking a course in World Archaeology with the Open University, UK. We are writing an assignment about the development of early cities and 10% of our marks depends on finding reliable online resources. After ploughing through a vast number of utterly useless websites on Mesopotamia, it has been a joy to discover this resource. Thank you for making such high-quality archaeology available."	1
I am writing a literature review for my BSc in International Health. Having open access to literature is essential and allows me to provide a complete assessment of my area of interest without limitations due to paywalls and the greed of individuals and corporations.	0
This has enabled participation in Dr. Chetty's iTunes U course.  Thank you so much.  I am taking public economics this spring at Cornell University with Dr. Mike Lovenheim and thought I would participate in this course as a primer	1
"It is always a major challenge to find journal articles and other credible sources to use as classroom materials in my high school English class.  My school is very small and doesn't have any subscriptions or access to databases, and it is often impossible to get to the library (lesson planning can happen at very odd hours).  This article is great preparation for a unit on literature and social movements!  It is also excellent to have access to these articles during research paper season."	0
"I am a handspinner, always interested in the history of my craft."	0
It is incredibly encouraging to see this kind of commitment to openness in the academic publishing work. I sincerely hope that this model is replicated by other universities and publishing houses.	0
"I am a student of mechanical engineering at Makerere University. I too have post-traumatic epilepsy. I have been experiencing the memory impairment as a side-effect of the anticonvulsant, tegretol, which I've been taking for the past three years. "	
	
"I'm not making excuses but I have had major setbacks in my academics as a result. It has been hard for me to remember the large volumes of information that I have to remember. This and the lethargy, another side-effect I experience, many times have made me lack the confidence to read because I'm sure I won't remember as much of what I read as I'd like to. If possible I would very much like to get in touch with Kristin so I can find a way around this because I believe she has. "	
	
"I'd like to thank her for posting this course paper on the subject because it confirmed my suspicions and it has brought to light the fact that there are still many issues yet to be addressed when it comes to the prescription of anticonvulsants, especially to students. For once I truly feel I'm not alone and now I have the courage to speak about this issue with my psychiatrist and my family. I am going to email this pdf to them. Again, thank you."""	1
"I am a student of mechanical engineering at Makerere University. I too have post-traumatic epilepsy. I have been experiencing the memory impairment as a side-effect of the anticonvulsant, tegretol, which I've been taking for the past three years."	
	
I'm not making excuses but have had major setbacks in my academics as a result. It has been hard for me to remember the large volumes of information that I have to remember. This and lethargy many times have made me lack the confidence to read because I'm sure I won't remember as much of what I read as I'd like to. If possible I would very much like to get in touch with Kristin so I can find a way around this because I believe she has. 	
	
"I'd like to thank her for posting this course paper on the subject because it confirmed my suspicions and it has brought to light the fact that there are still many issues yet to be addressed when it comes to the prescription of anticonvulsants, especially to students. For once I truly feel I'm not alone and now I have the courage to speak about this issue with my psychiatrist and my family. I am going to email this pdf to them. Again, thank you."""	1
"This is the only article I have read on Open Access. Thanks to this article, I understand better the story of satellite imagery as it pertains to archaeology. I found especially interesting the discussion of the nomads' imprints on the landscape, as this evidence might shed light on mobile pastoralism in the neolithic and chalcolithic Near East."	1
I am interested in international adoption (both for personal and philanthropic reasons) and I was looking for an article that would provide me with an educated critique of the current anti-adoption stance of many NGOs. I will share this article with other people through social media.	0
This is a very shoddy piece of work. 	
	
"To be clear, I know nothing of Najarian, but I do know a great deal about Stanislaw Burzynski, and the inaccuracy of the claims around Burzynski casts doubt on the rest of the paper, and indeed on the writer's critical judgment. "	
	
"At the time of writing this paper, it was abundantly clear that Burzynski operates in an ethical vacuum. The head of his institutional review board has a vested interest in the treatment, three consecutive FDA inspections have highlighted identical red flag issues with the IRB."	
	
"Burzynski himself is not a board-certified oncologist, and appears not to understand basic concepts such as pseudoprogression and ischaemic necrosis. His prognoses are wildly optimistic; this alone seems to account for the number of people who go to his clinic. In reality his survival rate seems to be no better than chance would predict, especially since most patients have already undergone conventional therapy. "	
	
"Nearby hospitals routinely have to pick up patients with severe adverse reactions, and often fly them home using charity funds as Burzynski has left them destitute. Yet he surrounds himself with such a cult of personality that even those he has manifestly failed, speak up for him."	
	
"He has made millions of dollars from patients on """"clinical trials"""" which his own lawyer admits are a sham, and despite registering over 60 trials with the FDA, he has failed to complete and publish a single one. He's been selling an unproven treatment as if it's proven for over 35 years, and has never shown any sign of acknowledging that he carries the burden of proof for demonstrating its efficacy. "	
	
"The trials were put on hold in January 2013 due to the death of a patient, following which it became apparent that serious adverse events were not reported for years, records were falsified and destroyed, and Burzynski could not even account for the amount of drug in circulation. "	
	
"His problems with the FDA and Texas Medical Board stem from his own incompetent science, from the ethical violations at his clinic, and from his unwillingness to follow the same approval rules that every other manufacturer has to follow."	
	
"A recent article in USA Today gives an accurate overview. All these facts were available at the time this paper was written, with the exception of the published FDA letters showing destruction of data, and even those were available under FOIA in around March, which is when I first saw them."	
	
"In summary, then: the writer of this paper has ignored massive red flags and has been drawn in to a conspiracist agenda to support a man who can only justly be described as a cancer quack."""	0
"I have used high dose egb761 for over 4 years, then switching to the terpene trilactones, my mother also uses these since her stroke and both of us have benefited enormously. It is rather sad that when the Altzieimers. Uk are contacted"	
"they inform others that ginkgo does not work, they are totally wrong, but worse is that others could benefit just using a sufficient dose. I used to use between 720mgs-1,200mgs egb761, (vascular parkinson's) prior to switching to trilactones, (Ginkgoterp brain-health) manufactured by Baspharma in Holland. Available via cathaydrugstore.com."""	0
"In this particular instance, I had seen an article from Foreign Policy magazine bragging about US foreign aid, with the implication that we're somehow helping poor people, and bashing on so-called ""haters"" as if criticism were unwarranted. I knew the issue wasn't black and white, but wanted to respond with a citation. I found your PDF study, read it, and the forwarded it via social media as evidence that Foreign Policy's immature article was anti-intellectual. So, thanks for that, y'all!"	1
"A friend of a friend needs to know the racial make-up of a child she is adopting for various legal, familial, and financial reasons. Because of my interest in DNA in general, i was tapped to see what's available. I expect this article to give me information that will help evaluate the usefulness of the many tests which are now on the market. (DNAWitness and its successor, DNAPrint Genomics are kaput.)"	0
I am studing the percptiòn of asthma by the pacients	0
I'm assigning it in a graduate seminar on the history of medicine.	0
"This article is widely cited and having it openly available helps me to connect a local history project to international discussion, hopefully benefiting both the local community and the international researcher community."	0
"Free access to this paper helped me in writing a paper of my own. Without access to this paper, the quality of my work would have been affected."	0
"I'm the author of a book, Bushman or Buddha, which presents a theoretical framework for a biological understanding of civilization. I'd like to expand this framework, but for this I need reliable sources to prove/support my theories. The way shamanistic practices are (mis)understood today creates the need to clearly define their nuances, to understand how a biological possibility was culturally exploited, leading to the first division of labour."	0
"I am a journalist and i used a report of FDA for filing a report. it helps to get informed and in turn, inform others"	0
The El Dorado Project is an open access/peer-review/source/dataset sustainable publishing project that addresses the issues that plague academic publishing.	
	
"Thank you for making the articles available."""	1
"I am assigning this article in a course I am leading on ""Scientists and Humanists: The Two Cultures"" at the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement for Spring 2014.  It provides an excellent opportunity for the class to learn some of Professor Pinker's main ideas on the nature/nurture debate.  We will not have time to read any of his books."	0
"DASH saved a lot of time for me in searching for journal articles. My university offers several data banks of academic articles, ie. JSTOR, Elesevier, EBSCO, and ProQuest. However, because the journals in those banks are not overlapping in most cases, it usually takes me 10 to 20 minutes to find the right link to download the literature if the journal is not the top 20. Moreover, I need to go to our online library first. On the other hand, DASH is available from Google search, which makes it quite handy for an economist  like me."	0
"I'm a student in a school that doesn't give easy online access to articles. DASH helps me study, thanks!"	1
Am doing  interdisciplinary PhD studies and this  Harvard paper was referenced by another from France. Open Access made it available for me without any trouble in locating or securing a copy of the work	0
Reviewing requirements for tissue bank for an organ procurement organization	0
"This is incredibly important. It is both difficult to order and expensive to purchase recently written PhDs. I have already once had to 'discard' an important source from one of my articles (for publication) because I did not have access to a particular PhD thesis written here at Harvard. I would have had to purchase the work. Although this might seem 'stingy', living in Boston on a student budget is not. And if one already has student loans, the access to 'knowledge' is often predicated on the price. The fact that I was able to find this PhD, which I had not intended to look for but will most definitely need in my future research, is invaluable."	0
"I am currently working on a critical reconstruction of Descartes argument for the indubitability and necessity of  (a) ""I think"" and (b) ""I think, therefore I exist"". My concern are the logical implications of both ""I think"" and ""I exist"" and if they contain different metaphysical implications, I want to clarify how existence follows from thinking with the help of the principle of transparency of mental processes. Finally, my aim is to show that thinking has a higher aprioristic transparency due to its domain than existing, which bears a dependence on a domain of already established entities. "	
"This work represents the main part of my master thesis I am currently writing under supervision of xxxx at Goethe Universität Frankfurt, Germany."""	0
"I found this good article in ""Your Medical Mind"" written by Dr. Jerome Groopman and Pamela Hartzband.  I am very interested in how to give cancer patients the advice they need, since I'm an intern doctor, I frequently get with the patients with severe illness. Therefore, I use google scholar to find the article, and Open Access shares this wonderful work with me. I'm glad and grateful for the share of knowledge, it really helps the world to progress since the knowledge can easily spread out and change people's perspectives."	1
I am a student in Cardiff doing English and being able to get at this article has been very helpull in writting my essay.	0
This report was invaluable in my statistics project exploring correlation between ethnic diversity and homicides! 	
"Thank you!"""	1
This information has been extremely valuable for my MBA dissertation research.  Truly an amazing resource.  Thank you.	1
"Open Acces has made doing research a lot easier and cheaper by means of publishing this document. It does not matter that I am not yet enrolled at a university, because information should be free; therefore I am very grateful for being able to acces this document."	1
"I am an attorney who pursues information about the history of clothing.  Articles like this are helping me build an understanding of the development of clothing from humankind's beginning.  I aspire to being able to publish original research that will aid, at least in a small way, the reshaping of the history of clothing by archaeology."	0
"I´ve developed  an interest in human pigmenation genes. Unlike all other SHEP genes mentioned in OMIM, very little has been published on SHEP8. Via the rs1540771 reference, I came across this article. "	
Let me express my appreciation to give open acces for this article.	
	
"Serge Huybrechts   """	0
"I'm a high school debater, and having access to articles is important to gather knowledge about our debate topics. Currently, we're debating military and developmental aid in the Sahel region, so the article I've accessed is useful and will help me succeed."	0
this is my first contact with Open Access and I am already astonished.	0
"I  teach dual-enrollment college composition at a high school in a town of 15,000 people. I have been teaching persuasive writing to honors grade 11 high school students for some time but want to make  my teaching more effective in terms of how I help them to reason."	0
"I am currently working in Africa and have been forced to continue my education via distance. I referenced this article for its primary sources on phrenology in my effort to find parallels between the science of phrenology and the physical desciptions of characters in 19th century literature. Without online access to books, articles, etc, I cannot hope to create any serious review of a novel based on this or any pretext."	0
I am a professor of Toxicology at the University of Nebraska. I have been finding it difficult to find information related to the motivation leading to the Delaney Act prior to its enactment. 	
"This manuscript is providing me with key information both for my class and for a modern Toxicology book that I am writing. Much appreciated !"""	0
Good	0
"I am working on a dissertation that focuses on the experiences of Black male educators that focuses on the intersectionality of gender, socio-economic status, and race. This Geller piece, was an interesting read"	0
"Serendipitously, I am a fast walker and was looking online for the correct spelling of gluteus Maximus.  But finding this article:  I am currently reading Daniel Liebman's ""Story of the Human Body""!  Learning so much about why we walk upright (climate change). Amazing to consider 200,000 years of homo sapiens and millions of years of walking upright.  Can't wait to get further into the story."	0
effect size	
"	0"	
"For an aspiring doctoral student looking to return to academia after almost 4 years in the industry, Open Access helped me reconnect with current research and debates in the field, which would have been inaccessible to me otherwise. Definitely helped me refine my ideas and shape my SoP"	0
This has been very helpful. I hope we will get access to many more of such articles. Thank you.	1
"I am an unemployed university lecturer and  independent researcher working out of my local public library, and open access really makes a difference to me! Thanks!"	1
Teaching introductory biology.	0
"Our young single daughter has had IC for over 10 years and is in and out of pain almost daily.  She has 2 master's degrees and has been looking for a job since the recession began.  She wants to have a job, get married and have a family.  She has not been able to make progress toward any of these goals because of her constant painful episodes, including not breing able to sleep at night.  It is very frustrating that no research has been able to even come closer to a resolution outside of identifying ""APF Factor"" and not knowing what to do with it."	0
I am using this information for a paper on gender inequality.	0
"I teach information competency to students in a community college, and having access to articles on cyberspace and cybersecurity issues has helped me develop better lessons for my students."	0
"Thank you so much for allowing me to access and read this article.  I plan to quote the findings of this experiment in my upcoming book ""More: The Self-Investment Mentality"".  Kind Regards.  Jonathan"	1
"Using the information as part of my presentation in class (UAA Anchorage, Alaska. Small Business Management).  Thanks Harvard!"	1
Well it's rather obvious isn't it? Information that is more readily accessible is consequently more readily available. Great initiative.	0
Library staff member doing research for a faculty law professor.  Thanks for making this article available!	1
Accessed for a paper I am writing on the Office of Publicke Addresse/Samuel Hartlib in a 1st year doctoral seminar.	0
"I'm reading a novel, The Course of the Heart by M. John Harrison, and it cited The Trembling of the Veil and Hodos Chameliontos. I had no idea what this was but it seemed to be important to central themes of the book (occult ritual, hallucinations), so I looked it up and found this article, which illuminated everything for me. I know I will get much more out of the novel now."	0
I am a layperson who studies nutritional issues and controversies. I have been following the anti-saturated fat campaign for more than three decades. Open Access has made it more convenient to gather information.	0
"I am currently writing a paper for my masters on health promotions and the workplace. My class is metrics and stats.  In addition, the paper will then be used at my workplace to ""pitch"" a wellness program to the senior mang. team. Therefore, trends, roi,  cost benefits need to be included. thanx "	0
"I have been taking advantage of open access educational material for years.  Now, as a nontraditional aged student in cultural anthropology, the availability of this article has allowed me to break the bounds of the 'third tier' school that my financial resources force me to attend.  I am a firm believer in open access among the academic community.  I fully intend to leave my brick at the top of the wall, but I also intend to lend a hand to those I have left behind, still in their ascent, as this resource and the countless others I have used to my benefit have done for me."	0
I am researching how art and museums can change social stereotypes. For many years I develop my investigation of how a carnival cultural group in Bahia did this. I try to explain this phenomenon by relating the social sciences and the cognitive sciences.	0
Thank you for providing free public access to these materials.  I have taken time off from my scientific career to care for my mother. Having easy access to these materials is allowing me to catch up and work toward getting my career restarted.	1
I am working on an assignment for Human Resources 234  Employee Relations.  I was looking for information about the benefits of wellness programs in the workplace.	
"Thanks for your help."""	1
I have personal injury from silicon implants. These devices are making me sick.	0
"I used information from this article for my book, Anthropology Matters (2006, 2013) and Global Issues (2014)."	0
"I am very pleased to have access to this article, which I need to prepare a lecture, and is not in my institution's library."	0
"I work in software engineering, but at home I am very low tech.  I scour fleeces, card or comb them, and spin them for my knitting and weaving projects.  While I tend to focus on archaeological reports from Bronze Age forwards, I am thoroughly fascinated by fiber-related finds in prehistory, and appreciate the detail that a proper scholarly article brings.  I will be keeping these results in mind the next time I pull out flax fibres, and may try to reproduce them.  Attempting to reproduce archaeological finds is a wonderful teacher."	0
"I am preparing a talk on media freedom and regulation, which is a topic of high current interest in the UK at present. I found a reference to this paper via Google, and was pleased to be able to download it."	0
I am interested in the possible use of performance enhancing drugs to pre-condition non-human animals prior to their release in an endangered species reintroduction programs. In this case their use may be seen as ethically acceptable. The article I am accessing is potentially interesting because the use of performance enhancing drugs in warfare might be seen as ethically more acceptable than in sport.	0
Thanks a lot!	1
"Information matters. Life began when some information got a way to replicate itself. Since then, life has evolved by quantitative (and somehow qualitative) increases in the replication, storing and transmission of information. Eventually, original replicators got a way to produce complex organisms with organs to store, process and transmit information by their own: brains. Open Access is only one of the last links in this vital and universal chain. Given that information matters a lot, open access to information matters a whole world."	0
"Thank you,"	
	
"Access to this work of scholarships was exceedingly impacting for me. I am a college student at a school with a developing AAS, so scholarships avaible on-line for free is a life saver. """	1
"I am a student with a low income and cannot afford to spend money on purchasing literature. Therefore, the opportunity to get free access to academic papers is priceless to me, since I otherwise wouldn't be able to research many topics I am interested in."	0
"I found this paper while searching background material for a presentation to a religious discussion group at Most Holy Redeemer RC Church in San Francisco, on Nov 9, 2013.  The Jumping off point was the Reading scheduled for the following Sunday's Mass taken from the ""Second Book of Maccabees"" : ""It happened that seven brothers..."" I thought I might discuss the dietary laws , their origin and meaning, how Jesus followed them, how  did his Prophets view the laws, why they were not carried over to Christianity,  and why did Catholicism institute some of its own dietary laws.           "	0
"I'm the investigative reporter at Barron's, the Dow Jones weekly that attempts to figure out which investments are under- or overvalued.  I've campaigned to bring data analysis and statistics into the work we do here, and in journalism generally -- instructing members of Investigative Reporters and Editors, as well as the National Institute for Computer-Assisted Reporting, in the use of R software. I've been inspired by Harvard profs like Gary King and Xiao-Li Meng, whose work I've popularized.  I'm working on a project now with Gary. You can more of my shambling story at http://sites.google.com/site/billyalpert/"	0
"I subscribe to a blog from the Bodleian Library on medieval manuscripts.  A recent article referred to this text, particularly the chart on page 68.  Seeing the chart enhanced my understanding of the author's point.  Thank you!"	1
Access to any one article does not make a big difference to my life. But having access to scholarly research in general has made a tremendous impact on my life.	
	
"I was 12, undiagnosed autistic, very intelligent, and a victim of sexual abuse from foster siblings and bullying at school, when my parents finally started homeschooling. They did not know if it would work - if they could teach me effectively, if I would cooperate for learning. All they knew was that they were afraid for my mental health if I stayed in regular schooling."	
	
"They started out trying to teach me with essentially the same methods at home as the school had been using. But I couldn't handle that. Being told what to do made me scared, and I coped with this fear by defiance. What should have been educational was turning into daily battles. So my parents backed off."	
	
"I may not have been teachable, but I was very good at learning. A typical characteristic of autism is intense interests. In my case, these interests revolved around psychology and genetics. I started with simple Google searches, but soon my interest led me to seek more scholarly sources of information."	
	
"So here I was, in my mid-teens, not registered with any university, but searching for articles on PubMed, visiting my local university's health sciences library, reading articles on ring chromosomes, deletions and duplications. And, most importantly, I was happy. I was curious, excited, enthusiastic. I was not afraid."	
	
"It was around this time that I discovered high functioning autism, and began to find a framework to understand my own differences. My official diagnosis came at the age of 15, by which time I'd already extensively read both scholarly sources and personal accounts of high functioning autism. I realized I was not rude, lazy or stupid. I simply had a different kind of mind. better at some things and worse at others."	
	
"Throughout my homeschooling, I did not produce work, nor cooperate with testing my abilities. But my excited monologues about my latest discoveries made it clear that I was learning. And this impression was confirmed when I finally managed to take the SAT in order to enter university."	
	
"And now, I'm an undergraduate psychology student, but in many ways, I feel more at a graduate student level. I still can't make or keep a study plan, but I can easily follow what my teachers are saying. I have learnt how to write papers and take tests to show what I know. I am not working up to my potential, yet, but I'm learning and enjoying life, and gaining experience to help me achieve my dreams."	
	
"If I had not had access to scholarly journals, I would certainly know a lot less than I do. I would not have had nearly as much success in university as I've had, and my future would be much more uncertain. Although I was cognitively capable of university-level material at 13 or 14, I would not have been able to prove it, nor could I have coped with any formal education (even university courses, which are really fun). My only access to knowledge, beyond what my parents could tell me, was what I could find on my own."	
	
"I'm lucky to have had parents who were students and university employees. But many children don't have this 'in' with university. They may be just as smart as me, and in some cases just as challenged, but without the advantages I've had. For these students, the only way they can learn about their passions and build confidence in their own minds is through open access journals."""	0
"I am currently engaged in legal research in the context of whether the EU (including the UK) ought to have a common Copyright code/law. I am in the initial stages of formulating my thesis structure, literature review and methodology, and have downloaded this particular article to consider how the author has used qualitative research to formulate the argument."	0
"As a 4th grade high school student, I'm doing research about creativity. Via ""Open Access I can access many (very) useful articles without having to pay +- $30,- per article. Whoever made this possible, a million thanks! You sir, deserve a medal.  "	1
"I am finishing my PhD in sociology in Scotland but I do not have access to many books because for family reasons I am living abroad without access to as many English language books as I would like. Having access to book sections online makes the world of difference, because it means wherever I am I can still get hold of work, and I am not limited to only seeing journal articles (and then only if I have e-access through my institution). Thanks so much for making this possible."	1
Easy & quick access.	0
I am engaged in research for a book on hermeneutics. I located this article in searching for references to an articles that is cited here. I am deeply grateful for the open access collections of universities such as Harvard that make it possible for scholars to locate work by Harvard scholars.	1
"I am a Biomedical Student at Anglia Ruskin university in Cambridge, England, and am writing an essay on atherosclerosis and am looking for natural treatments as well as medical, standard treatments of atherosclerosis. I saw this paper and thought it very interesting due to the fact it is a natural treatment and would like to read further to see how well it performed"	0
i used it for my GIP	0
"I teach interdisciplinary studies in a Humanities PH.D program at the University of Louisville.  My approach to Chinese culture in a comparison with the West includes a study of linguistic norms in each culture.  Huang's close semantic and syntactic studies of the Chinese open up to me a way of comparison in this field with the West.  Yours, xxxx"	0
"I am a professor at a university in Romania, South East Europe. I am a sociologist and teaches courses in research methodology. I'm working on a research about measuring trust in public institutions."	
"Thanks."""	1
"I'm a lay person defending myself in a tort action.  I don't have access to Westlaw and the like, so I'm struggling to get by with whatever I can find on google and google.scholar.  I found a citation to something I needed to read, and nobody else had it but you good folks.  So thank you.  It's truly useful.  Don't withdraw it, please.  Best, Dan White"	1
"I love open access, so I can give the best for my students in São Paulo, Brazil"	0
"Once I seen a Harvard research document readily available on the web...instantly I clicked on it!  Though I'm a student with Indiana Wesleyan University, I still respect the high-quality scholars Harvard produces, and I'm very blessed to have access to the scholarship.  "	
"Thankfully,"	
Reggie Payne II	
"Indiana Wesleyan University """	1
"I am a former Representative from South Dakota....a state whose Capitol is very isolated. It is literally in the middle of nowhere. We are paid $6000 (you read that right) and given a per diem for food/lodging....and we are corrupt (nepotism, cronyism) . Their are no journalist eyes looking at how the process of vote bartering, and some of the oldest manipulative tricks in the world further South Dakota statutes and politics. I'm actually running for Governor to try and clean the state up...but since I'm a woman and since the political machine is very tight here (good-ole-BOYs, business, chamber, health area, politics, and the media) I am going to have an up hill struggle. Your article gives me substance for what I have said for years."	0
I am student in Psychology in the UK currently studying research methods and in particular quantitative analysis. This was a very useful study to look at from that point of view but also for the subject matter. It made me think about the Whorf hypothesis about how language influences thought and how human processes seem to be more interconnected than I previously thought. Thank you for sharing.	1
"I am accumulating literature relevant to human health effects of climate change. Conclusions and recommendations for action will be provided to the local group, Olympic Climate Action, of Port Angeles WA. Open access facilitates the process."	0
As a student in Cognitive Neuroscience it is always valuable to keep up on the research being done at other institutions. This article I found and than used as a soruce of material for a presentation in class. We are have to do five write-ups during each semester and this was one of the articles I chose as it deals with memory retention and accuracy between working memory and short term memory.	
" Everything we learn is about how we store and recall information and than using it. Events are encoded differently and in different locations especially depending on emotional content and the value we place on it whether we realize it at the time or not. What may be tramatic for one individual may not be for another. Why? I believe it has to do with how we learn to process the information and encode it as children. I have strong feeling that while we learn all through life, the reactions to stimulaus are defined early on and with out learning new ways to process events old pathways will dominate the thought process (for example PTSD, anxiety, ect). Given the harshest one person can hold it togather and another looses it and gives up. This is a cognitive process; the brain can be tought to think and use new pathways and the old pathways will be pruned out over time because they are no longer useful. Adaptation does not just fall under the domain of Darwin but it is a constantly changing process the brain undergoes throught life and this is what I am driven to understand.  Any questions you have about my comments I will be happy to answer at wwalker.mail.sfsu.edu ."	
Thank you.	
"Willard Walker"""	1
"Graduate student attempting to learn about our health care system. Free access to sites makes completing research a simpler task. Moreover, as an intern, I can easily direct colleagues to the site to further their own knowledge."	0
"I'm a debater and I need many articles from a variety of subjects for my research. Open Access has benefitted me by providing me with many articles, furthering my research. It would be excellent if Open Access included more articles."	0
"I very much appreciate the Harvard ""Open Access"" policy."	
"If not for this digital access, I would not have known about or had ready access to this very interesting paper. """	0
"I am working on my dissertation in this subject area and really appreciated access to this article, especially as it is from 2013. Thank you!"	1
There are many strange claims on the internet. I often turn to Google Scholar to see if there is any science behind these claims. Normally I can only access abstracts so it is wonderful to find research which is not locked behind a pay-wall! Thank you.	1
I was searching for the first reference to 'invisible work' in the literature for a keynote to the peak body of Australian librarians on the role of invisible work in libraries. The lecture is intended to help librarians better recognise and represent their work in a period of austerity and downsizing in Australian Universities	0
"I will use the article for a seminar paper at Münster University, Germany written on how reform of the EU area could sustain its existance."	0
"I'm teaching ""A Raisin in the Sun"" in an English composition course at Montgomery County Community College in Blue Bell, PA.  "	0
I am researching the influence of climate change on human history.	0
"I love the fact that I can read things just by looking for an idea I may have had on google, and then finding an article. And since I am a poor student, I also love the fact that I can read things for free. I am a voracious reader and interested in lots of topics, so if sites like yours didn't exist I would live in a much poorer world. Thank you."	1
I am writing a book on intercultural competence development and we refer to the fractionalization indices by Alesina et al. I cannot tell you how wonderful it is to be able to access this article for our research. Many thanks!	1
"Doing an online course on Greek Lyric and living in a rural, isolated place on a fixed budget--learned a tremendous amount about sappho's lyrics from this piece. thank you."	1
"I am the PTA president of my student's elementary school.  The PTA board is trying to sign up volunteers for various projects and events using SignUpGenius, a web based invitation software program.  Our success rate has been 17%. 45 invitations to volunteer for an event were sent out and 8 people accepted. I am trying to find a statistic that tells me if this 17% response rate is what the rest of the nation experiences. Is e-mail as effective as phone calls?  "	
"I did not find the statistics I was looking for but found this paper to be very interesting and help me feel less frustrated about the lack of family participation in their student's education. """	0
My daughter has epilepsy and I am concerned about her education due to poor concentration. Reading this paper has given me a lot of information not available on most epilepsy websites. Sincere thanks to the author.	1
"studying on ethics and climate change in a French village near the Italian border, this option offered by DASH has been extremely useful. Otherwise, I would simply not have acces to this important contribution. Thanks"	1
I am taking a MOOC on behavioral economics and this document was cited. Thank you so much for making it available.	1
"In my Social Studies class I heard my teacher said a quote about how to test a theory you need to see how it works if everyone was doing it. I wanted to find the quote to write an article, and now I have and with an interesting analysis too."	0
"Resarch for a paper on ecological contributions to the spread of infectious diseases, for an MPhil in Medical Anthropology at Oxford."	
"Thanks!"""	1
"I teach ACT Prep Reading to high school juniors enrolled in a Saturday College Program.  This ""pipeline"" program is part of the Urban Health Program at the University of Illinois at Chicago.  We serve as the pre-college program implementation unit for the University's Urban Health Program and groom students for college and professional careers. "	
"This article expertly  informs students of the need for medical professionals to collaborate regarding research and """"experiments."""" Additionally, it factually exposes how a """"series of deceptions and inducements"""" was accepted and perpetrated upon vulnerable minority subjects under the guise of a """"scientific"""" experiment. "	
"Thank you!"""	1
"The web is the knowledge-base of the people. Making professional basic research available on the web  is critical to that knowledge-base if it is to move beyond the generalities of Wikipedia etc. The richness of the web is a measure of who we are, in particular to people like myself who undertake research, study and writing independently of institutions."	0
The article helps me writing a student paper on tax policy trends in OECD countries. It is late at night so I cannot go to my university's library. thanks.	1
"Thank you for sharing this article. I am a doctoral cadidate in KS and have looked for articles related to RTI for a project I am working on. So many articles deny access, which makes research difficult."	1
This article is helping me in my personal and professional life.	0
Every household is dependent on better knowledge regarding development of assets markets if the whant to plan and hopefully increase the standard of living as active working families or as pensonists.	0
"I cant afford to pay for my text books, your open access allows me to still do my studying without worry of not having the required texts.  THANKS!"	1
"As someone who has had the privelge to attend school, I have enjoyed many years of access to scholarship via my university affiliations. Throughout these years, I have acquired a deep appreacitaion for research; more importantly, as a teacher, I need to remain cognizant of current research in order to best serve my students using pedagogical practices based in research. With the advent of the internet, massive online open courses, and citizen science intitaives, we live in a time when the dissemination and construction of knowldege should be and can be an endeavour open to the public. However, this is not the case; most research articles are not open access, and as a result, the walls of academia remain closed-off to those who are not as priveledged as I am. Thank you to DASH for taking a step in the right direction!"	1
"We should not forget, as I admittedly did on several occasions, that Herring’s guilt is not the question here. The question is if a police officer should be allowed to make a mistake that allows him to break the law of the 4th Amendment of the United States of America, the importance of this case being that the decision essentially repealed the 4th Amendment without bringing it to vote, a clearly un-American custom."	
	
"Convenient if you are on the """"correct"""" side of the law. You cannot prove the intent of a mistake, this is virtually impossible. At a minimum, a good faith mistake, aka negligence, should create “an incentive to act with greater care."""" [http://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/10582559/Gertner.pdf?sequence=1, pg 69] This was, negligently, not discussed in the decision, putting the rest of us as a result of the decision at risk of an undemocratic repeal of the 4th Amendment."	
"One assumes it was a mistake then. It is easy to assume a mistake when it puts a guilty person to punishment but again I am not yet sure we capture the reason the 4th Amendment """"was"""" the 4th Amendment. It would seem to me that it is an amendment against overcriminalization something our book is quick to bring up in the chapter dealing with criminal law."	
	
"I would also like to point out that “the basic principle underlying the duty of care is that people are free to act as they please so long as their actions do not infringe on the interests of others.” [our text, pg 136]"""	0
"Student in Business Law. In a discussion I stated ""hmmmm, maybe not exactly what my initial impression was; seems we need to measure false v. negligent. Can one prove this difference? Does negligent not = false[then]?"" "	
"The Prof pointed out """"Review the case and how the court distinguishes Herring from the other cases in terms of negligence and recklessness versus reasonable error."""" "	
"And I cited from the open access text """"The contention that the exclusionary rule addresses only conduct that is intentional or reckless, not merely negligent, is fundamentally inconsistent with the very premises of tort law that liability for negligence creates an incentive to act with greater care. And such a test narrowed the exclusionary rule to a virtually unprovable conduct—reckless or deliberate misconduct on the part of police, and negligent conduct that is not just 'isolated' or 'attenuated,'... [Justice Ginsburg was] attentive to the future cases which were sure to come, and to future technologiess... """"[i]naccuracies in expansive, interconnected collections of electronic information raise grave concerns for individual liberty."""" [http://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/10582559/Gertner.pdf?sequence=1, pg 69]"	
	
"Sounds alot like what I was driving at..."""	0
"I am a clinical social worker who educates professionals about Trauma-Informed perspective, treatment and ethics. I am benefited by using your articles in that I can cite in my PowerPoint presentations--learners can read for themselves. Thanks!"	1
"I'm an occupational psychologist and I work freelance. Working alone at home most of the time has many benefits - but the downsides are that I don't get to mix with colleagues and share latest research findings with them. I now do this on my own, and I very much like keeping my 'knowledge' up to date, but hate the restricted access to journal articles. As a professional, I love your approach of helping people like me practically apply the benefits of your research through your open, sharing approach."	0
Thank you so much for providing this link. IES has closed off access to this report due to the government shutdown. I was unable to provide support for helping students in math through RTI.	1
"Member of Erasmus Darwin House, Lichfield."	
"Involved in a presentation entitled The Loves of Plants to Winterbourne .... Birmingham University."""	0
"I don't know how Open Access affects me, since this is the first article I've tried to look at, and I haven't read it yet..."	0
Student at Duke	0
I used this article for a presentation to my Rotifera class. Not having to pay for this article made life so much easier.	0
being up-to-date to scientific results and trends. THANK YOU	1
"I am independent (non-academic, self-employed) researcher & would not have ready-access to hi-quality papers except thru ungated sites such has this one.  In supporting ungated access, Harvard supports broad inquiry into important topics."	0
I am a first year doctoral student working as a graduate assistant and this research process is new to me. There are so many sites and some are costly and I am appreciative of the free access to articles related to my interest.	0
"Thank you for sharing this article.  For over ten years, I’ve been creating and performing rituals for individuals, couples, small groups and large gatherings.  Most recently, my focus has been on weddings.  Through Moon River Rituals, I help each couple design a ceremony that respects their beliefs and speaks to importance of this rite of passage.  I do that by getting to know the couple and creating a ritual that become part of the overall wedding ceremony.  Rituals I’ve created include Garden Gifts, Wind Horse, and The Wedding Jar.  From now on, I can refer my couples to your article affirming the value of ritual in general even as I rethink my efforts.  Hmmm.  Garden Gifts of Chocolate?  Chocolate Wind Horse?  The Chocolate Wedding Jar?  "	
	
"	1"	
"I'm a student on a MA course in a UK university and required this document of a project.  However, none of my universities online archival research subscriptions gave access to it."	
	
" Finding it here was beyond helpful."""	0
"Researcher on a related subject, I start to work on shape analysis and optimization."	0
"As I am very eager to understand and to perform 15th century music (form the sources) I am most grateful that this research article is available via internet, and without login or membership (or any cost ;-))."	1
Thanks for sharing SCIENCE!!!	1
"I am teaching Internet law at Saint Petersburg State University, Russia, and found this publication very useful while discussing legal aspects of Internet administration by ICANN with students. Not to mention, that the content added much to my own knowledge. Thank you for putting this publication into open access!"	1
My high school son has a project to create an immigrant handbook for immigrants entering the United States 1877-1925 and needs a sample job application.	0
"I am doing a paper on wellness programs in the workplace, while I am also a part of a team trying to set up a wellness program at my current place of employment"	0
"As a yoga and meditation teacher, I constantly stress the mind-body connection and its effect on wellness. Access to the study ""Mind-set Matters: Exercise and the Placebo Effect"" provides me scientific evidence to share with my students, to enhance their understanding of a topic that many find slightly suspect. Thank you!"	1
"I came to this article from a well written and researched blog, The Health Culture (which I go to from a link on facebook,) The excellent writing led me to want to deepen my understanding of the issues the author, Jan Anderson,brought to my attention. She linked to this article and I am thankful to be have access to it."	1
"Great! Making this article available has substantially helped my research on a topic outside my primary focus. It also allows this article to be linked directly from wikipedia, providing original-source information to everyone reading the encyclopedia! Keep it up!"	0
went to read a paper in mathematics in an area that I'm not familar with which referred this thesis. I was able to understand the mathematics paper by familiarizing myself with ideas from that thesis.	0
I am working with a group of people doing research on wellness in the corporate world and the benefits of a healthy and happy employee. Hoping to promote wellness in the corporate sector.	0
"I am interested in general information on how ancestral puebloans survived in the SW desert environment.  This may be important in dealing with current issues of modern society, and how these issues developed."	0
"I am a Uruguayan economist finishing my Masters Degree and I think it is great to have open access to this kind of papers, it helps me a lot with my research."	
"	0"	
"While reading about the American Civil War, I stumbled upon this gem of an article, which has greatly extended my understanding of the legal aspects of slavery and its evolution in the USA, and provided me with some so far missing yet important insights into the events leading to the Civil War. While being pretty thorough, it is understandable also to me as a nonlawyer. Thank you for sharing it."	1
Just came across this source. Really enjoed the article by Haggard Stephen and Beth.Simmons on The Theories of International Regime. This is what i was searching and wanted to read.	0
"As a practicing artist, my colleagues and I are mulling over the idea and impact of de-skilling."	0
"First of all, thank you for this resource."	
"I have an advanced degree in ethnohistory; unfortunately my career has taken me far removed from my academic training.  So, having this resource available helps me in my attempt to stay current with ongoing scholarship."""	1
For a professional paper on the Education of Healthcare Professionals and the effects on cost and pateitn outcomes.	0
"Currently in the last phase of writing my PhD manucript, getting easy access to references is crucial to avoid loosing time !"	0
Open access has helped me prepare for my comprehensive exams I am taking at NMSU. The availability  of scholarly works is becoming more difficult at universities with fewer resources. Thank You.	1
"I was looking for information on how a housekeeper might have been selected in the 1890s. I did not find that, but I did find that schooling for women back then was counterproductive to earning more money."	0
Thank you for letting me use the information for free!  	
"I am a small business owner and I produces kits to help people reduce their stress. For my business plan, I needed to know how much cost(s) of wellness programs were to companies.  Now I know!"	
	
Thanks!  Taylore Einarsson - Mental Health Specialist	
"Love Your Brain Inc."""	1
"Efficiently edit submitted articles to ""Zagadnienia Naukoznawstwa"" (Problems of the Science of Science Quarterly, published by the Polish Academy of Science.)."	
	
"Best regards,"	
Pawel Kawalec	
"editor"""	0
Thank you for the pdf- very helpful in my undergraduate course!	1
I intend to conduct a study on language change about one of the local languages of Angola. Learning about how the language faculty evolved might help understand some phenomena of the change.	0
"One has to be awed by the work that Thomas B. Edsall does for readers of the NYTimes: integrating nuggets of leading research from various disciplines into compelling edifications about American politics. My present download is from a link in one of his columns. The more that leading work is available to the intelligent public, the better our chances for cultivating bipartisan progressivism in the U.S. Journals do need to protect their cost coverage, but we need as much access to good research as we can get. "	
	
"I wish that leading academic journals could have standing relationships with leading public media, such as the NYTimes, such that any journal article linked from that media's own articles would be a readable download for subscribers to that media. It would be so great (e.g., not having so many JSTor inhibitions) that I'd gladly pay more for my monthly subscription to the NYTimes, as part of their agreement to contribute to a Creative Commons of sorts, like is done for photocopying on campus these days. Why not have open access to all journals that become affiliated with a national academic funding mechanism capitalized by all those progressive billionaires who rightly wring their hands about the quality of public culture in this age of Internet simulacra, where all opinions are treated equal, and fewer and fewer persons find time to deliberate or read carefully because the market for distraction is relentless. "	
	
"http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/09/24/how-did-conservatives-get-this-radical/?nl=opinion&emc=edit_ty_20130925"""	0
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I work for a small non-profit museum and it is often hard to find historical resources of quality and integrity when your access to academia is limited."	1
"I'm working on an article to explain Internet architecture to a popular audience. This article is giving me more solid, comprehensive background than I might get from news sources."	0
Open Access made it easier to find this nice review on Econometrics of Program Evaluation.	0
"If you see MyDASH Statistics, the graph is growing exponentially; Similarly, humanity has grown with light's speed in last millennium due to free access to shared knowledge and skills. Here comes devil's fist to curtail this growth in the pretext of intellectual property and patent rights. We will once again be doomed like other civilizations if we don't give a rudder at this changing gusts and unbalancing forces. DASH is one of such correcting feedback mechanisms and effort to maintain the liquidity of free knowledge and social capital which is minimally required for a free society to remain afloat ever if it can not rise further on its own!"	0
The document was assigned for a 5000 level english lit seminar.	
I had already purchased six books for the course.	
it is always helpful to find free work to read and use for class. it increases the variety of texts and references.	
"I do purchases a lot of books for school and also personal use. This summer I had one course which required 17 books, a few more were on reserve in the library."	
It is prohibitively expensive for many students.	
"Also you want to be turned on to different view points and work, not only a few from primary sources."""	0
"I'm a economics master student at the LMU in Munich. Because of open access, I was able to access and download the originally published version of a paper that takes a crucial part in my seminar paper. OA recently came to my attention because I work as a student assistant in a division of the Max Planck Institute for Competition and Innovation which among other things examines the matter of Open Access in scientific literature."	0
I learned one of the first evidence of addition in mokeys. It was possible thanks to you since my university does not have access to the journal in which this article is published.	
"	1"	
I'm working on my dissertation which explores educational outcomes for Latino youth. Its so much easier when I don't have to search for articles or ask friends at different universities to access an article for me.  I'm very grateful!!	1
Currently working on my doctoral dissertation in the field of leadership and ethnicity.  Reviewing this article for possible inclusion into my literature review.	0
"As a college student, it will hopefully allow me to get more deeply involved in research faster and spend more time learning new material rather than trying to gain access to it."	0
This paper provides a good overview of the bacterial motor. I am a retired electrical engineer just interested in how the thing works and am looking for satisfactory explanations. Having a open access tool like this gives me access to professional original literature. Much appreciated.	0
"Myself Padmaja, JRF in National Institute of Nutrition,India. First of all I would like to thank for making it open access and free to read. The problem we encounter as a research students is we read a very interesting article but we cannot download as our library don't have access sometimes they subscribe very few paid journals but this keeps me updated to know what's going on around the world. I personally feel research is the one that grows with sharing and it provided a really good platform.The right way to globalize our ideas is this and the world should know what we are and where we are?, in what other ways we can think new."	1
"Even though I have access to relevant literature through my university, I cherish this approach which contributes to open education."	0
"I am a neuroscientist in retirement. Because I no longer have an institutional affiliation, access to the scientific literature is a running concern of mine. I accordingly benefit from every effort to open access to the scientific literature, and am grateful when I encounter them during literature searches."	1
Your service help me find some important articles (papers) on economics. Thank you!	1
I'm able to have access to scholarly articles that I would.t be able to read without this Open Access Network.	0
"I am currently working on my Master's thesis.  I have chosen to discuss the surprising trend within U.S. news of quoting Chinese reactions to policy via their Sina Weibo accounts.  CNN, the New York Times, and the Washington Post all highlight the cyber-civic community within China in their news articles on Chinese trending news such as the Bo Xilai trial, corruption at local and regional levels, accidents, natural disasters, and environmental crises.  My goal is to discern whether or not Sina Weibo constitutes a strengthening civic civil society for the Chinese population.  The Internet and Democracy series as well as access to research on social media and democracy will prove vital to my research design and progression."	0
"I am a Family Physician in Ontario where much debate is developing on the success (or failure) of primary care collaborative teams over the last 5 years. While these teams have varying structures they are often ""virtual"" and not co-located. I have a team that is co-located and highly successful. I believe some of our successes are due to mingling and face time of various professionals that ordinarily would not be in physical contact. It is with great interest that I have searched for your evidence that may support this hunch. As we tackle the challenges of meeting the emerging demands for primary healthcare we would do well to consider this information."	0
"I was referred to this paper by a colleague at another GLAM instititution. I do research into museum practices in the digital age, and my research relies very much on network recommendations (often via Twitter, listservs and the like). Immediate easy access to the sources highly furthers the speed and effieciency of my work, as I can easily cite them in my publications. When I am given free access to great content, I want to spread it in my own networks too so more people can benefit from it. Ideas worth sharing should be shared. "	
	
"Great idea, by the way, to encourage Open Access Feedback in such a userfriendly manner. Thumbs up!"""	0
"I am a 15 year old high school student in Cheyenne Wyoming, I used the research I found to help me with a debate case. I am a Lincoln Douglas debater in National Forensics League circuit tournaments, this paper greatly helped me prove how a flat tax system is more just than a progressive tax system."	0
"I am a 15 year old high school student from Cheyenne Wyoming, I have found and used this article for debate purposes. I am a Lincoln Douglas debater within National Forensics League circuit Tournament and use this article to prove how a flat tax system is more just than a progressive tax system."	0
"My BA (Hons) social work dissertation is about self harm, social contagion and the internet amongst UK adolescents, and so this recent research is a great addition to my lit review"	0
"I am 60 years old, semi-retired, and I am in graduate school for economics. I am keenly interested in the Neo-Classical / Keynesian debate."	0
"Doing investigations for my phd i need to see a lot of literature. By open access i can easily determine, from any location, if the publication is usefull or not.. "	
	
"Before google books was a usefull tool but cause of -digital- rights management this was ended.. """	0
"I do both teach mathematics and study astronomy. With mathematics running so far ahead in areas such as string theory and time travel, for which physical evidence is still not there really, one is left to ponder the issue of whether mathematics is discovered or invented. I've often wondered if Newton thought maths was invented when he developed calculus, but changed his mind to discovered when his calculus could not give him the source of the gravitational force... Who knows? He wasn't really the best communicator around either..."	
"	0"	
"Actually,I'm a script writer and,in my research, I use to refer to historical books which are related to the topics I'm handling. By now, I'm gathering some references about the the Muslims who firstly emigrated to America long time ago. This collection of information would finally make a story. However, it is not done yet. Please,let work now."	0
"I had a homework assignment on this due, and you saved me. Thank you."	1
"As an independent researcher living in a rural location, access to academic resources such as this is a real boon and saves an awful lot of travelling to libraries and the expense of inter-library loans."	0
"Hi,"	
	
I am doing an independent study as part of Masters program at Duke. I came across this paper in the references of an article suggested by my professor.	
	
"Many thanks for making the article avaliable"""	1
"I am an American Special Education Needs educator teaching at an international school in Shanghai, China, and access to research is essential with helping me improve educational outcomes at a building and classroom level within my organization. Accessing these articles enables me to consult teachers, parents and administrators more effectively with important and recent research that has potential to significantly impact the teaching and learning of the students that I advocate for on a regular basis."	0
I sincerely am obliged and overawed for Harvard Communities Help and kind gesture. These are resources for scientist's and graduate students for honing their knowledge and driving science frontiers.	0
"For an undergraduate assignment, I was given an article to read that made reference to The Pill and and how it impacted women in the 60's....some of the statements in the piece did not make sense to me, nor were they referenced.  I went on a search to find more detailed information and found this article much more informative than any others found on line."	0
"Hello, my name is xxxx. I am starting my literature review for my dissertation on discipline reform and this open access helps me to meet the criteria for completion. I am truly appreciative and will cite this source as a current reference that is relevant to educational concerns about critical issues today."	0
"It is important to have free access to any source of information. As I can observe at libraries (at least in Germany), more and more articles are only available for money. Education have made always a gap between people (as Confucius knew already), so we have to bridge that gap with free access to all information. Don`t let as be the slaves of this capitalist idea making profit from anything! Knowledge, information, articles and book should be free for anyone. That is an important step towards equality of education. With this webside we are on the right way..."	0
"I am a Masters student studying at the University of Sydney, NSW, Australia. This article will be used along with a range of other academic resources to identify opportunities to improve urban planning to meet the needs of an increasingly diverse population. The study will focus on the region of Liverpool in Sydney's southwest."	0
"My World Literature Honors class at Guerin College Preparatory High School is studying the Flood stories in Gilgamesh and the Bible. Since they are able to get college credit for the class, I want them to read various articles on flood stories. I believe this article will challenge them."	0
"I am from Nairobi Kenya, and a student at university. thank you for this access. I can not be able to buy access individually, and the papers aid me in assignments, understanding my syllabus and personal development."	1
I am doing research regarding health promotion programmes and how we can improve our own organization's health-related work.	0
"Curriculum developer for Bridge International Academies, a network of ultra low-cost schools in the developing world. This paper directly impacted how we think about low-achieving pupils and word problems."	0
"I write speeches for politicians all of you know, at least by name. The document I was able to download from your site has been widely cited in the European debate about the future of the Euro, and it has been universally acclaimed for being rigorously argued. It is good to be able to read this valuable ressource without having to pay and without having to pass through cumbersome registration-procedures. So - thank you!"	1
"As an intensive care physician, Echocardiography is an essential tool in assessment and following trends for treatment in my practise."	0
Developing resources for a webinar/education program for pharmacy professional liability.	0
"I am an AP Literature and Composition teacher in Nebraska.  Currently, my class is studying Shakespeare's ""Macbeth.""  The students are particularly interested in the Weird Sisters and through Socratic Discussion referenced the role of witches in other novels they have read.  They wanted to dig into the topic more so I am finding some different scholarly articles on the topic for them to read.  Thank you for sharing your resources!"	1
"I teach drama therapy to graduate students at Kansas State University.  Most were first theatre undergraduates.  Never have they been trained to advocate for themselves, so I feel it is imperative that I teach them how to look for employment and how to present themselves in the best light possible.  Very few people know what drama therapy is, and it is without any doubt one of the most powerful and useful change agents that can be used to help people.  in order to find a job my students need to be very assertive, confident and be able to explain articulately and forcefully to potential employers how having a drama therapist on their staff will benefit them enormously.  This article will help my students make a lasting and positive impression as they go out to seek their first job post-masters."	0
professor of modern history university of bologna	0
"It's good for me, since I had been looking for this topic, which has allowed me to solve many doubts in this topic."	0
"Found in a UK junkshop, a 1912 bound typescript and photos co-written by six backpackers led to an education project operating in the UK, France and Germany up to WWI, inspired in many respects by the US Chautauqua Reading Circles. "	
"Enlarging on this, Cooperative founders - starting in a recession hit shipyards and textiles area -agreed on no barriers of  gender, religion/ethnicity, income, politics.  1905 onwards, focus is on exchange visits, summer study holidays, UK & Germany. "	
"Some CHA teaching staff ( achieved degrees, postnominals, senior positions) left formal education themselves aged seven - twelve """	0
"I am a biological researcher and a conservationist in Madagascar. Although  I am a little old more than 65 years old, I want to continue to study the primate evolution. Along the searching articles, I found this Open access. This is very useful for study and  it encourages me."	0
"I am a biological researcher and a conservationist in Madagascar. Although,  I am a little old more than 65 years old, I want to continue to study the primate evolution. Along the searching articles, I found this Open access. This is very useful for study and  it encourages me."	0
"As a HR professional, I am constantly thinking of what type of advice would help candidates do better at interviews. Access to this article is very helpful to get a deeper understanding on this topic, so that I can share it accurately and help others succeed."	0
"Permits access to very recent sophisticated research that cannot be obtained through traditional library facilities in developing countries. This not only extends possibility of research in developing countries but actually opens the door for exploring new analytical dimensions, which are virtually impossible without open access."	0
"I read a book about ethics and this Universal Law of Kant came up as a guidance of being moral......it quoted the translated words with no sufficient explanation and I find your document really useful and detailed, thanks for sharing"	1
I am working on a research paper about effective instruction of math for middle school students who have learning disabilities.  This paper will help me write my literature review.  I am a graduate student at Plymouth State University.	0
"Hello, I am a union member in USA.  I am often looking for educational articles to share with others.  I happened to find this one today.  I really appreciate being able to read this!  Thank you so much!"	1
"I love open access! As a high school student interested in philosophy, if I can't find the PDF free online, I can't read it at all. This service has been incredibly helpful to me."	0
Open Access has b proven very useful to me during my PhD research. I have been able to access very useful articles. A case in point is this article on application of Decision Tree for predicting individual book usage. 	
	
"Please keep populating your repository and continue offering Open Access. """	0
I am researching sensation-seeking for a graduate school presentation.	0
Open Access offers me anourmous help with my research. Being a Hungarian archaeologist I have limited chance to get access to scientific publications for financial reason partly for my own and partly for the libraries. They do not have enough fund either to cover ordering of many kinds of  material. 	
"I am really grateful for all possibilities!"""	1
I am doing research on this organization an have been unable to find case studies anywhere else. This information will be valuable as a reference for my research.	
"Thank you"""	1
"Ok, I dropped out of college. I'm working now as a teacher aide in an alternative middle school program in my public school district. Needless to say, I don't have institutional access to scholarly publications. DASH affords me a level of access to quality scholarship that, while modest, broadens my personal horizons and provides insights I can take with me to work. Keep it up."	0
"Many thanks for sharing your article. I am studying the Italian commentaries on Lucretius and this paper is very important in order to understand Ficinus' attitude towards Lucretius, and his - unfortunately lost - short (?) commentary to the DRN."	1
I don't really have a story. I would just like to thank you for making this paper freely accessible.	1
It is very important and a way to create a level playing field among researchers.	0
I was writing a geological paper in which I wanted to point out that Cuvier's dictum of correlation of parts in an animal body is only a special case of Leibnitz' idea of compossibilty. I just wanted to know what the most recent thinking on compossibilty as a part of Leibnitz' thinking was. I went to the Google and encountered thes article and because of the DASH service I was able to read it immediately.	0
"Thank you - I am busy with dissertation in neuroscience at university of Cape Town. Interested in the relationship between action and language - how they are mapped together, which is prior, and what representations prime action."	
"Thanks again, more details if you would like."	
Doug Mansfield Mansfieldd@me.com	
"	1"	
I've a PhD in philosophy and I work on human health research ethics.	
"Open access to papers on research ethics is vital to understand current ethical principles, apply them and prevent irreversible harm to research participants."	
"I love the DASH initiative!"""	0
I study (among other things) spatial analysis. I'm interested in any story in which location is a factor. Having access to this publication allows me to look at the procedure these researchers used and will likely inform the way I proceed in my own research.	0
I needed this article for my PhD research and I am happy I managed to retreive it through DASH since my university library missed this issue.	0
Thank you for making this research available to all.  It's somewhat galling that so much NSF (taxpayer funded) research lies behind for-profit journal paywalls when it should be available to everyone. 	
	
A story just profiled on The Earth Story page on Facebook highlighted how these worms fossilised traces may become the defining boundary fossils for the Cambrian.  I then went to Google scholar to see what else may have been published and what pdf papers might be available.  Yours was one of the few. 	
	
"Again, thanks!"""	1
This article enables me to research and study the difference for my assignment however on a greater assignment I am correcting and  educating youth to create a difference within the communities they live. Rebuilding families base on the knowledge of how to the difference and break the chains of discrimination.	0
This article helped my research into the Cubeo indian people of Colombia.	0
"I am a normal everyday worker.  I work for the City of Indianapolis/Marion County in Indiana.  I do, however, have an academic background: I have a master's degree in philosophy and studied at the University of Michigan for my BA.  My parents are both doctors - one PhD and one MD.  Both of my father's parents were PhDs and both of my mother's parents were college educated.  My father's grandfather, my great grandfather, was also a doctor in Germany."	
	
My point is that free intellectual information is like food for someone like me who has at least some degree of scholarship in his blood.  I'm grateful for your efforts and I pray they continue.	
	
"Thank you,"	
	
"D"""	1
I am a Master's student working on a literature review of the factors affecting students transitioning from elementary to high school.	0
An excellent possibility for individual researchers to find up-to-date information	
"about scientific subjects: a library-access at home !"""	0
Whilst traveling it is not always easy to use vpn to access expensive journals through my institution. I was trying to read several articles and this was the only openly available one.	0
"DASH's Open Access had helped us at Bardera Polytechnic to gather some information for the Somali government to help it plan and implement economic and social policies which benefit everyone, including the government itself."	
	
We have use several DASH articles. The most recent research material on DASH which benefited us include the scholarly material written about the devastating affects aid has on Africa.	
	
"With little efforts, most governments in Africa can manage to employ majority of their citizens on not more than 10 economic sectors including agriculture/livestock, tourism and public services including health, education and jobs that should be available at all government levels from regional, district and municipal services."	
	
"Instead, these industries are shut down in most African countries by way of fear-which leaves farmers to hide from attending their fields (no tourism), no production of any kind. Corrupt governments which get support from donor nations conduct intrusive tactics on its citizens which create even more fear. The donations arrive in the name of disaster management and aid for the 'poor' people. The government eventually loses grip on its citizens and falls from power."	
	
"New 'militia' style government comes to power and develops new friends-as the old donor was a supporter of the """"old"""" government. They get few years of sustained brutality and picking on the opposing forces. This cycle has continued for much of the last 60 years."	
	
"This article has given us few vital statements and figures which will help us convince the government to invest in its people and land instead of waiting for donations. """	0
1.Teaching	
"2. to assist in developing molecular pathology speciality in my hospital for precision diagnosis and more appropriate management when they are developed by researchers"""	0
an interest in politics	0
"I  am the  caregiver for someone with a rare, entirely preventable, terminal disease. I am interested in EVERYTHING that has to do with the FDA, drug approval, Targeted therapies, gene therapies, cancer, genetic testing, clinical studies, abstracts, journal articles etc. You get the picture. I spend hours researching everything I can get my hands on if I think there is even a remote possibility it could help my husband. I read PubMed, research clinical trials, medical journals, New York Times, CHEST, and more. I want to be able to have access to everything because who could possibly care more than me about anything that might be of use to him, whether its off label, compassionate use or even a plea to a not yet released drug. I NEED to know for him and for the thousands of other Mesothelioma warriors that are fighting this disease right now. there is a huge community of us who are fighting for our loved ones and we can't depend on the ""top specialists"" to care."	
	
"I am especially interested in articles that have to do with promising drugs that seem to be taken off the market for some strange reason when clinical trials show promising results. I am given the bogus reason that there was kidney toxicity YET Cisplatin is FDA approved and can cause kidney toxicity too but it has not been taken off the market."""	0
"Thank you for allowing me to access these studies freely.  In my work with seniors and special needs populations, it is important for me to keep informed on the latest research and findings to develop the best physical activity programming possible.  Peer-reviewed scholarly articles help greatly - much more so than access to only an abstract subject to interpretation by reporters, commentators, or health industry businesses who may focus on specific concepts without revealing underlying assumptions or details."	1
"I am a transportation ssytems analyst at Argonne National Laboratory researching how government polcies can affect consumer adoption of advanced-technology vehicles, in order to inform the U.S. Deportment of Energy about the potential benefits of vehicle technology research and development under future economic, market and policy conditions. Research done by  Harvrd and other institutions is valuable in my owrk."	0
"I am a social worker in Child Welfare and I often don't have access to academic articles because I am not connected to a university. I am very concerned with this area and want to be up to date with the research and theory. I am especially interested in a multi-disciplinary approach, as Child Welfare is touched by so many different people from the law, politics, social welfare policy, etc which all impact practice."	0
It's excellent to have access to important articles without having to pay expensive subscriptions or fees.	0
"I am a grantwriter and I needed to learn more about the role of and expectations towards special libraries in order to situate my institution and its work in the larger environmental landscape for funders. This article was extremely helpful, accessibly written, yet strategic and specific enough to expand my knowledge (and vocabulary) of the subject. I am very grateful for the open access you provided."	1
"Dirijo un proyecto de investigación sobre la creatividad en actividades de investigación de alumnos universitarios y para nuestro equipo contar con bibliografía de primer nivel, de rápido acceso y sin costo es algo sumamente importante."	0
"I'm a professional organizer. I don't normally work with hoarders, but insights into their behavior are very helpful to me in my work with clients who have trouble making decisions and categorizing."	0
"I am a misplaced biologist working to earn a masters degree in information sciences.  This appears to be an interesting and important article that relates to one intersection of these two fields.  Sadly, I am too stupid, and too poorly educated by my own institution--SIS at the University of Tennessee--to figure out how to access many articles on these sorts of hybrid pursuits.  Digital access to this article solves my problem--I do not have to figure out how to use the stupid e-catalog or e-journals at UT.  Thank you, Harvard."	1
"As a staff member in Harvard Library's shared services, it's great to hear what a curator thinks about the future of his field, which is inextricably linked with mine (preservation).  It helps to see the big picture and think for a minute about why we're doing what we're doing."	0
"I am an assistant professor of sociology who is trying to maintain some level of research/scholarly activity despite being employed at a community college. My college's library has extremely limited journal holdings, so it is hard for me to include up-to-date research in my work. I really appreciate your providing open access to this 2010 article!"	0
"Compared to Harvard, my small private college in Canada is insignificant, but that does not change the fact that I still require scholarly papers to reference. Our college reference base is sometimes limited in material so any information that I can find online, that doesn't have huge fees attached is very valuable to me. I thank you for sharing your knowledge and your work so that others may benefit."	1
"I'm a consultant with years of experience in fragile and war-torn states, and am working on a Doctorate in Governance from University College Dublin, with a focus on strengthening governance in these states.  Having access to  Merilee Grindle's 2010 article through DASH contributes to a useful framework for analysis and program design."	0
"I'm university professor in Canada, working in art history, iI'm doing research on perception and imagery. Your program helps a lot my research and gives it a ""communauty feeling"". Thanks. "	1
I'm checking on a reference to this article by a Japanese academic who has cited it in an article whose content I'm not familiar with.	0
"I write an article about public perception of malls in Poland. It is crucial to set the idea of mall, as well as my experimental research, in a broader historical, urban and social context. ""From Town Center..."" is a great article, full of useful insights and loaded with a tremendous amount of data. Many thanks for open it, so I can read it and use it here in Poland!"	1
"I am studying Sociological Perspectives at Argosy University, and Wilson's book on the significance of race was mentioned in my text.  I wanted to get a better understanding on American Ideology."	
	
"	0"	
See:	
http://monte.takken.us/refs/AspartameHistoryLawArchiveHarvardDnld.html	
The link to your	
"leda.law.harvard.edu/leda/data/244/Nill,_Ashley_-_The_History_of_Aspartame.html"	
no longer works.  It did last week.	
"The error message as of July 1, 2013 is, "	
"    """"leda.law.harvard.edu  does not exist."""""	
What is the correct link now?	
	
"This is for a review I am writing of  """"While Science Sleeps""""  by WC Monte."""	0
"I'm a novelist and short fiction writer working on a collection of short stories tentatively titled ""Homecomings"" about soldiers, combat medical surgeons, and others coming home (or not coming home) from the two recent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.  "	0
"I graduated with a degree in political science and philosophy about a year ago, and while I am deciding whether to pursue a masters, I very much appreciate having access to this paper on Rawls by Michael Fraser.  Access to this paper is both nurturing my interest in pursuing a masters, and allowing me to sustain my academic acumen through engagement with recently-published academic writing.  Thanks for recognizing that the rent-seeking of closed-access journals is no longer acceptable in a democratic society predicated on the ideal of an informed and engaged citizenry!"	1
"easiest way to access working papers etc, for purpose of writing master thesis"	0
"The moment I graduated with my BA, I was brutally cut off from the world of scholarship. Even though I'm planning to apply to graduate school, I now have highly restricted access to expensive journal articles that could otherwise help broaden my knowledge base and guide my research interests. Usually I am reduced to reading abstracts, a poor substitute for the in-depth analysis a full journal article will provide. It has been really difficult simply gathering the article base I need to move forward with my studies and my preparation for graduate school. My position is this: knowledge should be free. When I publish my research, I hope to make it as widely accessible to the public as technology permits. Thanks for spear-heading that process!"	1
"I need to access academic papers for my academic research, without open access to these research papers it would be impossible to pay the rates demanded by the publishers"	0
The article was useful for me to write a theory chapter in the research conducting in my university. Russian economy exports too much capital during some decades in 21st century. To liberilize or to close capital market is a main question of policymakers. it would be nice to have your opinion on Russian case concerning capital outflow.	0
"I was able to read this article while in the Vatican Library. One can only call up books before noon so if one comes across an article in the afternoon that one wants to read, one is out of look. It is also helpful to have the pdf so one can go back to the article later. This is helpful even if one were sitting in Widener with the physical book in hand--it saves photcopying/scanning as well as the time spent doing these."	0
I am a medical director of an onsite clinic and saw the article cited in mayo proceedings	0
"My name is xxxx, I'm a PhD candidate of UNIVPM, Italy http://www.dises.univpm.it/ I am doing a research on aggregate consumption, with a focus on the ""twin excesses"" namely excess smoothness and excess sensitivity. Open Access helped me to find the Campbell & Deaton 1989 seminal paper on consumption smoothness. Thank you very much"	1
Thank you Open Access! 	
	
"As a guide for Cambridge Historical Tours, I am working on expanding our educational offerings and leading tours through Harvard and Cambridge with increased attention to the stories of women and people of color. Your Open Access library has allowed me to access important scholarly works in order to increase the integrity and breadth of the information we offer our patrons! Thanks!"""	1
I am a Phd student in Kenya (with a development concentration) and I have been reviewing Sen's 'Development as Freedom' for one of my assignments. I have been keen to follow his published papers and this forum has been very helpful to say the list. Thanks for making some of this articles available to those of us who seek to make the world a better plac	1
"Having joined the regular workforce (at lousy wages) after being in academia, I no longer have access to many papers, and certainly no way to afford it. This is the only way I can keep up with developments."	
	
"Thank you very much."""	1
"I am teaching in the SMDEP (Summer Medical, Dental Education Program) a Robert Wood Johnson grant at Howard University.  The topic is Health Care Ethics and this is an excellent article for the undergraduate students to read.  Thank  you for making it available."	1
"I am considering adopting this article for a course I teach.  In addition, it generated an interesting conversation at lunch about interracial marriages."	0
I am currently busy with my PhD write-up dealing with the effect of cannabis exposure on rat islets.	0
I am interested in architecture.  Thanks.	1
"Dear Sir/Madam, really happy to access Harvard repository. QR code article used for writing an article, to be submitted in a Conference. Hope, QR code will be implemented in many Indian Libraries in near future. Thank you very much!"	1
Open access gave me quick access to an article so I could finish up my thesis.	0
This was extremely useful to me. I think it is very important for highly innovative works to be accessible for free for students.	0
"I will be brief. Since February 2013 I have had a website up on Mars, which includes a gallery of surface and orbital images for which I am gradually providing geological information (still much to do). This latter task, however, is often not easy, the original images from NASA and ESA frequently being bereft of geological data and whilst there is a lot written on Mars that is available on the Internet finding reliable information takes some work. I am not a geologist, my background being in the history of science; I have spent a lot of time acquiring and reading scientific papers in an effort to provide the users of my website something that helps them to understand Mars a little better. Being able to access a relatively up-to-date discussion of Endeavour crater from a reliable source is very beneficial to me and I hope, from what I learn, for my readers too."	0
"I was having trouble finding scholarly articles to backup my postulations on stability/instability in Xinjiang, when I came across this article on ""Political Instability and Economic Growth"", which has helped me considerably. Access to this article has helped so much that I am even taking the time to tank open access.  "	0
I share political economy writing as part of @economicsnz's Twitter stream. We need a gale of fresh air in economics.	0
Dear Sir	
"Iam grateful to you for allowing the sharing of this article, otherwise I have to pay for that or just skip it and loose the possible valuable information it contains."	
	
"Thanks"""	1
"Scholarship - ideas and theories of understanding - is our primary contribution to the universe to date.  Our legal system recognizes protections for commercial innovations in order to spur the economic forces behind growth and continued innovation - but that same systems specifically excludes protection for ideas, for scholarship.  Harvard's Open Access shows that Harvard understands the importance of shared knowledge and shared scholarship.  Open Access increases the intellectual well from which interested academics and entrepreneurs can draw in order to generate growth in ideas and in commercial utilizations.  Thank you for providing this access."	1
I recently heard Torfason mention on Freakonomics that Japan tips a total of four professions. I have been living in Japan for close to 20 years but had no idea what those professions might be....so downloaded the paper to find out.	0
"I am currently working on my DBA at an online for profit university.  I am using scholarly articles from all available sources.  Open access allows me to benefit from the research of others in pursuing my on research, which will be of benefit in workforce development."	0
"I am a student working on and English research paper regarding ""how media directly affected the cigarette industry"" "	0
"I'm the publisher of http://openphotographyforums.com, a free, cooperative, open website devoted to serious consideration of the pictures made by photographers all over the planet, according to their own path towards their own goals. This provides a lantern to look at who we are and the effect we have on each other and the heritage we have in our hands. I see OPF as a Yellow student tour bus, folk get on for a while at different stages of their private journeys and we share experiences and guide each other, but cherish each travelers individual and original intents."	
	
"So we have come upon a situation where art on the walls of streets is being shared. Michael Nagel, is walking the streets of Munich documenting wall art. I couldn't help being impressed by the simple expression in one that man cannot be illegal, """" in post #97 http://www.openphotographyforums.com/forums/showthread.php?t=11436 and I commented on it in post # 98. My ideas on """"The Rights of Man"""" are centered on the effects of the French Revolution in bringing together, like a central drain, the humanistic ideas of philosophers in Europe and their antecedents.  I've been challenged, of course for leaving out Kant. So I decided to look further at his logical imperative and insistence with not lying. To me not lying removes a barrier to the oppressive state closing down sources of news without which the rights of Man cannot be defended. So access to scholarly articles provides a way of non academic and less formal institutions spreading the fruits of academic scholarship to communities world wide without specific knowledge of the keys and entrance points to the academic word."	
	
"Asher Kelman M.D., Ph. D."	
	
Editor in Chief	
	
"Open Photography forums"""	0
Helps my assignment - thanks very much.	1
writing a paper on prophetic medicine and using this in my intro as the background and the galenic medicine	0
I had simply no option except to quite without have gone throughthis very important research article. MAny thanks for this.	1
"I am xxxx's father, and am a garrulous type, when it comes to ""scientific advances"", and will spread this Dissertation around, in the SF Bay Area, among my academic and scientific friends, for the ""greater good"", and for, in particular, the advance of science."	
	
"We have come """"full circle"""" from the  """"chained and locked Bibles"""", to """"Open Access"""" of  great works and discoveries."	
"Mirabile Dictu!"""", as my old Latin teacher used to say."""	0
"I am a professor in Uruguay, and I don't have access to the Review of Economics and Statistics. I read a very interesting article that cites this work, and thought I might review both for a local newspaper, illustrating what works and what doesn't to improve education."	
"I care about education, and sometimes here decisions are made without much information. I thought this might help."""	0
"Open access to scientific papers is vital if the public are to be properly informed, and armed with the information allowing them to defend themselves against being misled, either by politicians or by pressure groups for various ideologies. I rely upon open access in the continued battle to inform the public about genuine scientific findings, in the face of duplicitous anti-science propaganda by, for example, various creationist organisations. Without open access, combating the lies would be considerably more difficult."	0
I do not yet know.	0
"I do not know. I am at the door still, which is not open"	0
"Most of the worth-reading research papers are not for free, so accessing research for free is amazin for new researchers to start off."	0
"Although I am lucky enough to be able to use an excellent library, where I could read the print version of this article, on-line access means that I can have my own copy easily and quickly. Moreover, had it not been on-line, I doubt that I would have found it."	0
"I am a Housing, Credit and Budget Counselor and the majority of my clients are low-income.  I believe this information is critical for the type of work I do.  If I can come to better understand how we behave, be it rationally or irrationally, I can be more effective in my work with my clients.  The field of behavioral economics is wonderfully relevant to my work as a counselor.  As the information flows from the author's work into my work with clients, I believe they are and will continue to benefit from it.  Thank you for making these resources available."	1
I would like to thank the harvard community for making this article public. It helped me get valuable insights into the techniques of financial modelling and improve valuation tools used at my company.	1
"I am singing as part of the chorus in a production of Verdi's Macbeth in London. I am a witch, courtier and refugee in the opera."	
"I am watching a DVD of the opera and I am trying to work out who the children in the opera are. Thank you fofr making this work available to view."""	1
I am doing research into the history of scholarship and this most useful to have peer reviewed publications freely available	0
"I'm an independent scholar and applied scientist in climate adaptation. In private practice, sometimes aligned with a research organisation but often alone, I have to rely on open source peer reviewed materials as the wide range of geographical, sectoral and technical challenges require current, broad and deep research material."	0
I'm a grad student and one of my labmates and I are looking at applying some of our work to agriculture.  This paper is useful background reading.	0
I am working in this field and completing my dissertation on resilience.	0
"I work at Universidad de Chile, Chile. Even being the biggest and one of Chilean universities with more resources, usually we have limited access to articles  due to limited budgets for libraries and virtual subscriptions. (As illustrations, my colleagues of smaller universities from Chilean provinces usually ask me to download or get articles because in their cases they do not have *any* systematic subscription to journals). Another facet of this problem: I am in an Engineering School, thus usually have access for technical articles in my field. Buy usually paid subscriptions work for restricted areas, thus I have little access to paid journals and articles from other fields, particularly social sciences of interest to us (e.g. STS)."	
	
 Open access policies have open us literally a world of opportunities and access to knowledge.	
"And many professors among us are at your disposal to impulse these initiatives world-wide. Please, just let us know how we could help in this great initiative."""	0
Having access articles about special collections written by our colleagues down the street is extremely helpful in creating a collaborative environment between MIT and Harvard.  Especially as we forge a new future for the libraries.	0
Access to harvard's works greatly improves the quality of my teaching in Brazil. I avnd my students greatly benefits from accessing these papers that put my work in line with the most brilliant minds working today	0
"It's astonishing to me that poor little ole' me gets to peer into the research developed by some of the brightest minds in the USA. What this allows me to do is proliferate empirically proven data amongst ... whomever I speak with, the ultimate aim being to eventually incur a policy change that is concurrent with known data and thus make the system function fallaciously."	0
"As an elderly women living in rural Oregon, access to the papers and research is valuable to for understanding complex knowledge.  I can access original research work and draw my own conclusions.  The more I know the better decisions I can make."	0
I am professor in Italy since 1982	0
"Open access and the article specifically is used for both personal and learning purposes and I'm fascinated by evo-devo and gene regulatory evolution. I research for fun as I have a passion for the biosciences, evolutionary theory, and the sciences in general. So I thank you harvard and oped access for letting me and others like me have such free access to this literature!.."	1
"As an interested layman, i need to understand something about the economics of climate change, regardless of whether or not it is anthropogenic."	0
"I am a graduate student who often finds that scholarly articles pertinent to my research is unavailable to me, despite having institutional access to many journals through my home university. Open Access has improved my scholarship by helping me access the most relevant research in my field."	0
"I'm currently doing my IB Extended Essay on the effects of priming in the advertising industry and this was, among many other papers I've read, a big help. This is a great initiative (however, I am unsure why you've only allowed public access to limited papers. This kind of academic knowledge should be free to the public. Any attempts at selling online resources such as this should be frowned upon for it contributes nothing to those who want to learn.) and should continue. Thank you."	1
it makes me able to learn unlimited	
"	0"	
Useful in writing PhD. Thanks	1
I was looking for medical ethics articles and found the article.	0
I am working on a dissertation in heritage language education and very much appreciate the access to this article.  Thank you!	1
It helps a lot with my paper writing.	0
I am Dr Salome Vios from the Philippines. I attended the Master School of Headache in Tokyo last March. This article is an excellent reference for the exams I am taking for the Master School. It's great!.	0
collecting texts for corpus analysis within Iulaterm (Pompeu Fabra University) master in terminology and neology. key term: leading indicator index.	0
"Thank you for making this article available.  I am on the project leadership team for a 19 member Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) collaborative in California aiming to decrease hospital-associated infections (see eg Wirtschafter et al A statewide quality improvement collaborative to reduce neonatal central line-associated blood stream infections. J Perinatology 2010 30: 170-181.Journal of Perinatology).  As our collaborative has matured, we sought out and eventually encouraged leadership rounding, informally patterned on the Studer Group technique used by one of our collaboratives. It spread like wild fire in the group, but as pointed out in a review article that we did (Powers & Wirtschafter Clinics in Perinatology 37 (2010) 247–272) there is vanishing little evaluative research that meets credible study criteria.  Your study is an important step in that direction and thank you for making it so immediately and openly accessible."	1
I am lecturing undergraduate Human Biology students on a diverse array of topics in their speciality. This article will be used for discussion of its content.	0
"Hi, I am a Physical Therapist, Doctorate Student, Yoga practitioner, Yoga Instructor.  I am incredibly interested in the research, outcomes, and process.  Love that Harvard has open access, to this article."	0
interested in psychology .	0
"Student at RBG, Kew doing a project on the systematics of the Aristolochiaceae. Thank you so much for making your work available"	1
"Thank you! As a poli sci graduate student a small public university, our library does not always have access to online versions of some journal databases. I am so thankful that Harward chooses to share its vast resources with those who need it!"	1
Being a teacher of Latin I am interested in the relationship between ancient and modern poets. So with google ...	0
Research Paper.	0
"Our current dissertation project is about the ""re-examination of the importance of innovation capacity and sustainable  healthcare frameworks for improving the quality of life through the case of cardiovascular patients in Hungary"". As the project supervisor and dissertation consultant of xxxx, I found the access to this article very helpful for justifying our approach . Common wisdom in Hungary neglects the importance of innovation capacity building for a successful long term resource planning"	0
Hi 	
"thanks for ur open access to ur articles, but in fact i could never download or even see one. i was asked to register and i did so, i spent lots of time to understand how it was possible to see a full text article but of no use. may be it was my fault!!"""	1
"I was preparing my term paper on price control, and stumbled across the idea of Liberal Paradox. A search for Sen's article brought me here. Without access to this article, it is difficult for me to grasp the concept. Thank you !!"	1
"I am a student at the Uniersity of Karachi, currently doing my masters in psychology. While we do get access to journals at our university library it always a drawback when the accedss is not available at my house. I had been researching for free full research documents when I came across the study by Schacter. It is very key to my research since my research topic is based on priming and memory. It will be the perfect addtion to my literature review."	
"I am very grateful to the Harvard community for open access to this study."""	1
"I am an undergraduate at Princeton at home for the summer and unable to access the physical library. Open access let me read a paper by Jonathan Zittrain that I needed for my senior thesis. Without it, I would have had to rely on non-scholarly websites accessible through Google."	0
"I AM SELF RESEARCHING AS A PNES SUFFERER- 2 YEARS OF MULTIPLE SEIZURES DAILY . Two periods of Psychotherapy having no effect on number , frequency or intensity. No traumatic event ( though many life experiences as everyone has)"	0
I am a library administrator at a publicly funded research library.  The ideas presented in this article will assist with needed organizational change by providing a view on collections that is forward thinking.  Thank you for posting this article!	1
"We used John Overholt's ""Five Theses on the Future of Special Collections"" for our staff reading group discussion at Newman Library. We also talked about how the DASH cover page changes the repository's relationship with the user, and contributes to assessment and advocacy.  An interesting, professional discussion made possible by quick, easy, access to Overholt's presentation. "	0
The Library Reading Group at Virginia Tech had a lively discussion about the topics in this artilce and the fact that you have this feedback system.	0
thanks!	1
I'm looking for info about Patrick Drummond	0
I work as a professor at a university in Saudi Arabia.  Philosophy resources are limited.  Such open access sharing provides access otherwise unavailable and makes such materials available to improve teaching.  I appreciate your working to make such access an important contribution to higher education for those of us working in lesser developed countries.	0
"I'm a librarian working independently, so I don't often have access to subscription journals or large databases. Overholt's essay is one of the more important contributions to librarianship, rare books and special collections, so i'm really grateful that Harvard's DASH is making this essay freely available--thank you!"	1
"I am a registered nurse and personal trainer.  I have been ""living"" worksite wellness for over 3 decades.  I know that most chronic conditions are preventable with relatively simple lifestyle measures.  There are huge savings for American healthcare if we can just teach people how to live healthier lifestyles.  The workplace is the ""school"" of continuing education for most adults."	0
"I'm a recent History PhD graduate presently without university affiliation, so no access to jstor and other academic databases.  Open access to this article helped in my research for a blog post.  Many thanks."	1
I am using this paper as a source for a graduate-level paper on the impact of Iraqi TV on sectarian violence	0
"Open Access is a key resource that allows students to connect their research to primary research in AP Environmental Science.  This particular article, on Ant Biodiversity, will be used in conjunction with a similar study we are doing on Cape Cod.  It is wonderful to be able to type in a search which results in usable research."	0
"I am a student in a Coursera class. This article was assigned to us by professor, and it really helped me to understand the subject matter more completely. Thank you, Harvard U and Harvard Libraries!"	1
This is used as one of the references in a paper on the monopolistic competition market structure of post-secondary education.	0
"As scientist from developing country (Mexico), this open access brought the opportunity to get an article that became part of my investigations and also key piece of the climate doctoral degree change course I teach."	0
We can't value what we can't see. 	
"I am a complete amateur, non-academic who has come to love medieval manuscript images through online digital images. I am so grateful to institutions (still too rare) like the Walters Art Museum that say """"Go ahead, use this for anything you like."""" I have no commercial plans. But I would like to be able to share my excitement about a particular image, or ask questions about one, or make comparisons. And since I don't have a community of scholars, or even enthusiasts, in my rural Midwestern location the best place for me to do this is online. But the restrictions in some sites' """"terms of use"""" make me fearful of doing this, implying that I could be violating federal law were I to do so."	
	
" """	1
"I am working towards a dissertation that examines what elementary school principals understand about their role in maintaining a strong democracy, and specifically finding out what they think /see / believe is their role and responsibility towards creating and nurturing a school that develops in young people the capacities to be engaged and empowered citizens."	0
"I am completing my Masters thesis on a related topic. Although my institution has paid subscriptions to many journals and databases, I know that when I cite this paper, it will be available to anyone who chooses to access it at any time without requiring subscription or institutionally-bound access."	0
"You have enabled me to research and study without hinderance of reading material - my only constraints are my time (sleep) and academic interests, as I could hope for in a perfect world."	0
"I am an independent researcher working on low-cost open-source lab equipment.  I run biotechnology workshops and supply affordable equipment in Northern California.  Lacking institutional affiliation, I sometimes find it difficult to access literature while developing new products or teaching existing classes.  Thanks to Harvard's enlightened open-access policy for this article, I am working on reproducing the results of this article in my own lab.  Thanks, Harvard!"	1
"The study and application of neoclassical economics has let us down. Most learned scholars understand the weakness, if not the redundancy of the discipline. My research determines that the underpinnings of the field -- the classical supply and demand ""principle"" is an artifice with no scientific basis. When examined from a behavioural (marketing) foundation it becomes clear the demand concept is artifical and possibly dangerous. It caused Mark Skousen to opine that the million students studying economics at universities across North America are receiving a dangerous education. My paper, delivered to the World Universities Forum this January proposes the basic nostrums of economics need to be replaced."	
"However, I am now advancing a position that the genesis of Behavioural Economics at least at the micro level might be found in a paradigm that better defines economic activity. So, I'm developing a paper for a responsible journal that develops the paradigm on an empirical foundation and casts forward a model advancing the rationale for Behavioural Economics."""	0
"Open Access allowed me to obtain the complete text of an article that is central to the literature review in a semester research project for my applied econometrics class.  Without Open Access, my research would likely omit theoretical justifications for my hypotheses."	0
I'm working for a small non-profit organization to increase awareness in our community about the importance of patient engagement (e.g. employer wellness programs).  Access to this article helps me build the case for patient engagement.  	
"Thank you kindly."""	1
"The study and application of neoclassical economics has let us down. Most learned scholars understand the weakness, if not the redundancy of the discipline. My research determines that the underpinnings of the filed -- the classical supply and demand ""principle"" is an artifice with no scientific basis. When examined from a behavioural (marketing) foundation it becomes clear the demand concept is artifical and possibly dangerous. It caused Mark Skousen to opinr e that the million students studying economics at universites across North America are receiving a dangerous education. My paper, delivered too the World Universities Forum this January proposes the basic nostrums of economics need to be replaced."	
"However, I am now advancing a position that the genisis of Behavioural Economics at least at the micro level might be found in a paradigm that defining economic activity. So, I'm developing a paper for publishing in a responsible journal that develops the paradigm on an empirical foundation and casts forward a model advancing the rational for Behavioural Economics."""	0
Thank-you! For allowingt this journal to be free to download. I am currently taking a comparative gov'n class at my local community college as a prereq for the Public Health program at UC Berkeley. It is very helpful and pleasing that information is available to all.	1
"I am a grade 10 student in the International Baccalaureate (IB) Program currently writing an Internal Assessment (IA) for my pre-IB History class. The topic I am evaluating is how the start of women smoking affected the feminist movement. Articles such as the one I have accessed are a valuable component of the research process, and having open access to them greatly facilitates the development of a well balanced essay."	0
"I am a senior at Stanford, majoring in economics, and am writing a paper under the direction of Jon Levin."	0
"I'm a student at Harvard, but the way I stumbled on this article had nothing to do with my Harvard affiliation - I was reading a blog post at Priceonomics.com (http://blog.priceonomics.com/post/48869654882/being-really-really-ridiculously-good-looking), and it linked to this article, and I clicked the link, and thankfully it immediately loaded up a pdf of the full article instead of a paywall."	
	
"Under traditional circumstances, had I not been a Harvard student and just another person casually reading the blog who suddenly had their interest piqued by this article, my curiosity would have been nipped in the bud. I would never have had an opportunity to explore where my interests might take me, and some seed of innovation or spark of inspiration may have been lost forever."	
	
"Please keep Open Access moving forward, so our curiosity is free to wander where it pleases. Thank you."""	1
"As a postgraduate student, having access to a variety of sources is absolutely critical to my education, my research and my academic success."	0
I work for a non-profit in community engagement.  I am thankful to have access to this scholarly piece even though I don't currently have access to an academic library.  As a graduate of Harvard college I'm particularly thankful - and proud! - that this is publicly available.  Thank you!	1
"Working with the Medical plan of the PCUSA, and determining whether to vote on more wellness initiatives."	0
wriing a major dissertation this article helps greatly. May not have been able to buy it so I'm glad you provided it.	0
This is an amazing essay that will benefit library science students taking collection development and management this summer.	0
This information is very helpful and I didn't find it available elsewhere.  Thanks!	1
I am a student writing a research paper on the use of passive resistance by various subjugated populations throughout the Americas up to the Trail of Tears. Open Access has allowed me access to research that my community college cannot necessarily provide--this particular article offered some very interesting supplemental material about how the reliance on Spanish primary sources provides a skewed perspective on the events leading up to and proceeding the revolt. Thank you so much.	1
I am a English-French translator and researching a bibliographic reference. 	
"Access, of course, allows me to evaluate for myself how a particular word is used. """	0
Student from another university in Australia!	0
i am a sistem study i have 5 in my notes 	
and i want to graduate in harvard.	
"thank you"""	1
I am writing the evaluation report for a large scale mobiles in education project in India. Open Access allows me to review the relevant research and cite reference examples of similar projects for comparison purposes.	0
"My son is writing a researched position paper on international adoption for his writing 121 class (a college credit class taught at his high school).  Scholarly resources are required, and because we are in a small rural community, access to credible sources on the internet is necessary.  Thank you."	1
"Writing essay for my coursework, Bangor Uni, UK paper relevant."	0
"After my graduation, as I have no more access to research databases, OA is the only means of accessing and reading research publication, thus it's a fundamental source of information in my profession."	0
It has helped me to research my essay for Philosophy 101.	0
"client interested in expanding wellness programs for 12,500 employee group in an effort to play versus paying"	0
"My courses at Santa Clara University use all free resources (beyond Harvard Cases that the students buy through HBSP). This has made the courses much more economical for the students, as well as giving them a flavor of all the information at their disposal through on-line sources. Many thanks for this service."	1
I found the citation on http://www.nea.org/assets/docs/Transformingteaching2012.pdf.  I was researching Teacher Quality and Supervision	0
Used this link for a power point presentation for an ethics class. Thanks great article!	1
I am doing my masters and I used this article as a reference.	0
"Conducting research on contemporary women in Russia, and how the soviet era may have affected them. Much literature has been done on the soviet and post-soviet era of the 1980s and 90s, but it has been semi-difficult to find more contemporary literature. Access to this material is crucial and so beneficial to conducting accurate research that isn't simply census data."	0
"I've been studying biofilms for months after having trouble eradicating a strange biofilm in my home. After failing to acquire my county's assistance in identifying the substance, I've been on my own."	0
"It is absolutely great to get research information online. The power of new thoughts has to be shared, so everybody can profit from it."	0
"I do not have any budget for articles and materials necessary for conducting research into how best to do my job, which is assessing the English language skills of Emiratis seeking higher education. Open Access articles help me help the students of this country optimize their higher education experience. I am very grateful for this."	1
"Excellent article implicitly outlining lessons still not learned to this day. Government should be less concerned with saving souls and more concerned with saving lives. Government sponsored education- national, state, local, is critical. Students, gay, straight, bisexual, unidentified, transgendered, need to know how to protect themselves and how to get testing and treatment if necessary. I applaud this article for showing the parallels between the syphilis and AIDS epidemics."	0
"I have finally found the article I was so desperately in need of, thanks to 'Open Access'. This wonderful discovery came after so many frustrating and fruitless hours of trawling supposedly 'accessible' academic online collections, and finding myself turned away again and again because my institute did not have full subscription etc... please accept my heartfelt thanks."	
	
"I am an undergraduate student, studying in Norwich, UK. """	1
"Dear sir I am a disabled student who has had very few  employers provide reasonable accommodations in order to teach special children. I got lucky in the early nineties,to finish My masters in Special Ed, a full scholarship was given to me by a wealthy benefactor. Because of the recession and family illness I am forced to update my credential on very limited income. thank you for providing this very valuable service"	1
it was really helpful for my criminology assignment.  It was insightful.	0
I am working on an essay on the benefits of physical exercise.	
"Getting free access to publications relevant to my project has greatly increased the quality of my article."""	0
I am taking the course A Beginner's Guide to Irrational Behavior on coursera.org. This article was recommended reading for the course. It being available for free greatly assists me in continuing my studies.	0
I was interested in learning the difference between different program evalutaion methods. This article proved very helpful. Thank you very much!	1
"Open Access have greatly affected me by allowing me to be able to use scholarly literature as I persue my degree. After putting three children through college, I decided I wanted to go back to school and reinvent myself and acquire new skills for the latter half of my life. The expensive costs of scholarly journal subscriptions is way out of my budget. To be able to access the appropriate literature necessary to complete my class assignments is truly a blessing for which I am very grateful. I thank you, from the bottom of my heart!"	1
"Lack of reliable information hampers the public's ability to understand what they see and hear in the media. Making empirical articles available at no charge is a socially responsible choice, and I congratulate you."	0
"Open access is hugely important. I think that the current model of academic publishing MUST change, and I think that open access is the way to go."	0
"Using Open Access has helped me tremendously with my research papers for school.  I attend an online university and although they have an extensive online library.  I have noticed many of the articles are not full text, which in a sense defeats the purpose of looking for the article online for instant access.  So I really appreciate Open Access providing relevant credible work."	0
I am a Ph.D. student in Political Science at UCLA. I think this paper will be useful to me as I develop my dissertation prospectus	0
"I have a long-standing interest in indigenous peoples' rights and intellectual property having worked many years ago for Darrell Posey who was a pioneer in this emerging field. I am very keen to read other critical perpectives. I might add that two of my works are cited in the thesis. Needless to say I am grateful for having free access to this work, whilst appreciating that free access and use to and of information in all contexts is not a fundamental right, as many indigenous groups would agree."	1
"I intend to use one of the resources that you have offered for the research on financial crises of 1990s. The research is strictly for my instructor, who also happens to be from Harvard. Thank you."	1
"I am writing up a paper for publication and the University I work for does hold this journal, so many thanks!"	1
"Instinctively, I think I know how taxation affects economic activity, at least in the broadest sense.  However, before I go off pontificating, I want to know the high level thinking of people who have actually studied economics."	
	
"Perhaps, in a small way, access to this material will improve the signal-to-noise ratio of the blogosphere."""	0
"I wanted to search for the History of Books and apparently, this was the only one I found that had the right and concise history. It made my work less stressful and the information was helpful :)"	0
"I am fascinated by lizards, and this research being available helps me expand my own knowledge about them.  Having research like this available online to everyone is so much more effective in spreading knowledge than having to pay for an article from a journal publication.  Thank you Harvard for making learning more accessible!"	1
I cited your paper in my short essay on social disorganization theory.	0
I am graduate student of Naresuan University. 	
My major is Science studies-mathematics studies.	
I'm writing my thesis proposal.	
My thesis proposal is R&D. 	
"I am trying to create """"percent schematic diagram"""" for teaching in """"Schema-Based Instruction""""."	
"Reason of my attractive: SBI was a surprising instruction, that is similar with my instruction, I was teaching before I knew SBI."""	0
I am an independent scholar writing for publication to disseminate my research and enhance employment prospects. Recent and past increases in privatization of access to intellectual resources prevents my ready access to online databases and comprehensive library holdings. These market-driven moves by many administrations and publishers are hampering the ability of researchers and scholars such as myself to contribute to the collective intelligence of the global community. Open access initiatives will hopefully reverse the privatization trend so that all may benefit from our collectively produced knowledge. Thank you!	1
"This article benefits me, since I may now use it for my thesis. Thanks!"	1
"I am an artist who has created a subjective attempt to define colors for those without optical vision.  My descriptions are not related to the color terms used to refer to skin color.  I came looking for a clearer scientific definition of race, to express that clearly, and arrived at your site.  I found (by glancing at the article) that was only a piece of what I was trying to say.   As I have, in recent years, become a fledgling in the world of chemistry/biochemistry, I was VERY interested in the topic of the article."	0
I'm doing research for a novel to be set in the 1890's. Needed some idea of single women's job options. Thank you for making this information available.	1
"I need information to construct a debate case from highly credible sources, so this open access is very helpful."	0
"I am a registered nurse currently enrolled in an RN to BSN nursing program. I am writing a post for my, Global Health 101. One of the questions to be answered in my post is, ""Why is health a human right?""."	0
Access to this article is helping me prepare for a discussion group on health disparities.  I am a medical librarian.	0
I am a graduate student working towards my MSN in health care policy. Having access to this material greatly enhances my abilities to research my required assignments	0
"As a high school English teacher and Department Chair working to elevate text complexity of material we provide to our students, it is frustrating to find the perfect article, only to be barred because the material isn't openly available. While we can purchase some materials, the best teaching occurs when we can respond to class interests and not simply expect to recycle what we already own or can afford to pay for. The Open Access at Harvard is proving invaluable on several levels: all students, regardless of their interest in school, seem drawn to the mystique of a Harvard article, and I am invariably able to find relevant, engaging material with a challenging text complexity. Thank you!"	1
"as a Masters student in South africa, any freely available articles relevant to one's field of study is always helpful and welcome. Most articles are for sale and that does put a strain at times on one's finances."	0
I simply appreciate the ease by which the article can be accessed and is available with little effort.	0
This very relevant article helped me with a management proposal assignment on law libraries.	0
I am a doctoral student working on my dissertation through Texas Tech University.  This article is relavent in my literature review and I am grateful Harvard allowed my open access to the article.	
	
"I am researching the attributes and behaviors of principals successful in promoting academic success among marginalized students"""	1
thank you for making the articles open. it has simplified my life a lot; motivated me for better work.	1
I am a law student at Florida State University and I am writing an article on moral intuitions in crime punishment (empirical desert) applied to international criminal law. Free access to this article helped me because I need to add comentary from other disciplines to suport my argument and unfortunately I only have unrestricted access to law articles. Thank you.	1
"I am a translator, and often I need to find the source articles for documents I am translating to get a better idea of the subject and to properly translate the terminology."	0
"I am a retired aerospace engineer (manned and unmanned spacecraft systems design), who is interested in question relating to the economy.  I'm pleased to see that you've released scholarly papers for people who are curious about various fields.  In my case it is economics."	0
Open Access has allowed me to gather articles at no cost for my dissertation. It is a vital part of my research.	0
"This is such a brilliant tool! Really helped me with my upcoming university essay, thanks!"	1
"Although the University pays for access to various journals, I still regard quite positively that some publications are made free. Such initiatives highlight the symbolic significance of knowledge, its circulation and 'belongingness' to all people rather than a privileged minority, who have the means to access it. Thank you."	1
This document was invaluable in the reserach of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz as a monetary allegory.	0
Because education shouldn't be private. Because academics rejoice if people are interested in their work. Because more people can be if it's free. Because of Aaron Swartz.	0
I am a sociology teacher in the Chicago Public Schools. I do not have access to journals.	0
"My university library did not have access to this paper. Having open access saved me a lot of time, I did not have to request it through interlibrary loan. It was very important for me to read the paper quickly."	0
"The concept and practice of Open Access facilitates a much more effective and efficient dissemination of knowledge, analysis and insights gained from scholarly research, amongst other scholars and post graduate students such as myself. It provides me with access to knowledge and learning that would otherwise be denied by cost or other forms of restriction. Open Access ensures that research, learning and the growth of knowledge becomes a global human endeavor."	0
I was looking for a good summary of a controversial subject.  Was glad to see this paper (even though dated 2000).	0
"I am a student of political science and international relation. Occasionally I unearth an article that is highly relevant and crucial to my research, however for reasons beyond my comprehension the intricacies of licensing and access to journals is denied to my university! This is a great assistance, keep it up!"	0
"There are breed differences in many behaviors, quite often split like this paper shows. I would not have taken Malamutes as ""working dog"", they are very independent. I am using this design now to look at bullmastiffs, a guard breed, with eyes located more frontal, so it is easier for this breed to look at humans. Their peripheral vision is not as good as that of shepherds and malamutes. I predict that bullmastiffs will be even better that shepherds and malamutes in this task. We will see."	0
Needed to learn about how to help the poor make better financial decisions.  This article is right on point.	0
"Thank you for making it possible to read these document. Without this open access, students like me would not be able to access it and further my own learning in this subject area. It's deepened my understanding of a topic I haven't known little about."	1
I am a teacher in Further Education in Ireland and work in  a College where we I no access whatsoever to any research materials as my College's budget does not allow for any such expenditure on research papers.	
"Firstly Further Education in Ireland is not a defined and distinct area of education - it comes under second level education but offers facilities to people from 17 to 70+ who want to have a further chance at education, however the lack of a clear space or definition of Further Education in Ireland means that resources are shared with second level education and everything must fit into a second level defined budget."	
"Having recently completed a Masters qualification  where I had access to scholarly articles (only for the duration of my studies),  was like somebody opening a door for me - the chance to read about the area I worked in and any possible information  on making my teaching and my student's learning better was a huge privilege."	
"Since I finished my qualification I have felt deprived of reading about my area and discovered DASH just today - what a surprise and this is going to change my feeling of being trapped in a job rather than a profession which should bring opportunities to expand my expertise.  Thank you so much for this window."""	1
"I write grant proposals for a nonprofit organization.  Now out of grad school, I've lost my access to jstor, et al., yet research is essential to grantwriting."	0
"I'm a retired individual who is curious about the nature around me, and very active in local environmental groups.  I often try to find out more about the issues. While I support organizations like wikipedia, I like to find original documents to make sure I understand the nuances rather than rely on summaries made by others.  I truly appreciate free content, which allows me to explore in a way I cannot when each article has access costs.  Thank you!"	1
Open access has been any time of great use in helping me develop projects and practices that have benefited not only myself (personally and professionally) but also many other people.	
"Thanks for sharing"""	1
"I am entirely overjoyed by access to this item.  More generally, I find Open Access combined with good search engines to be the only way (so far invented) that scholarship can circulate adequately."	0
I was having a difficult time finding scholarly/academic articles on this issue. Having this available to the public will help me write a final paper for my gender and Islam course. Thank you!	1
I am a chinese PHD student_and I am studying a project concerning how to improve chinese law system on vaccine injury compensation_As a result_I need the document_	0
"This paper has provided vital insights into what I have been looking for. It is a timely terrific help, without having to dish out a peny!"	0
"I'm a student - I can't afford to pay $30 for every article I need to cite in a paper.  Thanks for making this openly available!  If I can't access an article for free, unfortunately that means I miss out on that person's research and potentially valuable input.  I rely on services like this to get me through school.  This particular article includes an important component I need for my thesis."	1
"It was of great help to find this resource. I'm working on a comparative study of research on the later Supergroup rock formations of the Grand Canyon, and information on this topic is not always readily available."	0
hola	
"me parece una de las mejores experiencias """	0
I am preparing a sermon for a Cascade Unitarian Universalist Fellowship service in April (2013) on the subject of mind over matter. I would like to quote Alia Crum's research on the placebo effect (hotel maid experiment and milkshake experiment) and appreciate Harvard's publication of this document.	0
"Thanks for making this available here. I am an American professor teaching classes at a university in East Asia. I can't speak the local language, and the librarians at my university's library can't speak English. It's rather challenging to access basic materials online here. This is a huge help. Most of the reading materials I am using for the class I am about to start teaching this semester have been obtained from online sources like this. This is a huge help. Thank you so much."	1
"Thank you for the opportunity to have open access to this article.  The information in this article will help me to prepare an education program I am now preparing on PCBs, their occurrence and their health effects."	1
"As a student I came across this article while I was searching for a mathematical structure for defining the evolution of density matrices in open quantum systems ,and open access was indeed helpful in many ways."	0
"THANK YOU for allowing access to this article. I'm an undergrad researching hoarding disorder and of course, most journal articles pertaining to my research are available for purchase only. My college is a small one with limited access to scientific journals. I will attend a larger university in a year but until then, the quality of my work suffers in direct relation to how many scholarly articles are available to me as an individual and to my small school. Open access to information is crucial to my personal education and to the field I hope to enter. Science is powered by data sharing!"	1
"I have a PhD in Neuroscience but run my own business translating neuroscience and psychology to the general public. I do not have a regular faculty appointment (although I teach occasionally at the university) nor do I have a hospital appointment. Therefore, access to scientific research articles is limited.  I really appreciate using the open access articles at Harvard!"	0
I am extremely grateful!	
I am a writer and researcher preparing a paper on hunger for the UN FAO and data in this article is essential. I was unable to find it elsewhere.	
"Thank you, Frances Moore Lappe"""	1
"Open access is providing me with resources to compare the idea of power and authority in organizations which are influenced by islamic cultures and those which are not. I am researching in  areas on Industrial relations in the UAE. The notion of power in organization within the UAE is somewhat blur as modern organizations are adopting notions and concepts of power as known in the west. Power as known in organizations influenced by islamic values takes somewhat different approach. The concept of power is very much delegated by the entity called GOD and those who is endowed with it, will justify that they are conforming to the delegated principles enjoined upon them by GOD."	0
I've recently finished studying for an Advanced Dip in Canine Behaviour Management and having open access to peer reviewed journal articles has meant I can gain a broader knowledge from more up to date research than using text books alone.  I've previously worked in academia but no longer have access to the resources that go with the job meaning journal articles were harder to get hold of.  	
"It also allows me to share useful resources with interested clients - some clients find such articles fascinating - they wouldn't have hunted the research down themselves though."""	0
Thank you for sharing this article. it's really usefull for me.	1
Thank you for making this article available. I am a student intern at a Health Education Center with a hospital researching the benefits of employee wellness and this article has helped me with my work.	1
I am involved in employee based Wellness initiatives for a high risk employee population and this article provided me with important data on which to base my message to colleagues in the workplace.	0
This open access paper contributes to a better understanding of Richard Moran´s concept of self-knowledge.	0
I am siting this article in an open scholarship project to create a complexity science definition of health.	0
I am looking to start up a corporate wellness program in Oklahoma. This research helped me understand the viability of such endeavor and provided me the research to make such decision. 	
	
"Thank you for your generosity."""	1
THis open access allows me to work on my research no matter where I am. Thank you!	1
"I am an academic at a small liberal arts college teaching African American Drama. I would like to engage in contemporary scholarship on ""Raisin in the Sun"" so that my analysis of the play extends beyond the basic level. Thank you for making the essay available."	1
"I am a researcher in Public Health in eShowe, KwaZulu Natal, South Africa, working at eShowe Hospital - a rural government hospital at the heart of the HIV epidemic in South Africa. I am working on a research project into adherence to ARVs. Adherence rates are dangerously low at the hospital. Out of 9000 patients, there is a possible 60% attrition rate, viral loads amongst the same proportion of patients are over 1000 copies/ml and staff are demoralised and directionlesss. We are trying to find a way forward. The research is aimed at getting behind the reasons people are defaulting on treatment and then building a strong net of support around them that is based on real life situations to help them adhere. Your access to information is key for setting the parameters for our research here. With free access we are able to use it - all those articles that are accessible only through payment are beyond the purse of a small rural hospital such as ours. We are indeed very grateful and WISH that more agencies would allow us such access."	1
having access to this article has given me another source for a presentation I am giving on posture and psychological effects. 	
"I am very pleased to have this."""	0
Open access has allowed me to download academic journals to enhance my research for essay writing.	0
I'm a second year B Education student at Unisa (South Africa). This article helped me complete and assignment on the way modern scienctific research in the 19th century influenced Western perceptions of racial difference. Open Access is a great help to students who have little funds to support their studies. Thank you!	1
"I happen to belong the population of this study, namely a genetic male, gender-fluid Iranian. I found the article informative & illuminating. I wish more research was done in this area. It was very heart-warming to know that academia are not oblivious to our plight."	0
"I was allowed to access a publication which helped me understand tho content of one of my lectures at the University of Constance, Germany"	0
I am working on a seminar for my course work. This article was a life saver. It was informative and precise. 	
"Thank you."""	1
"I am an academic librarian from a small University library in xxxx, California. I think it is wonderful for Harvard University to share this thesis. Our students can learn from the author's experience in writing a thesis. Thank you very much."	
	
"xxxx, M.S.L.S., M.B.A."	
Librarian	
"xxxx University"""	1
"This article was referenced in a book chapter I was reading. This was the only source I could find that had this article. The article not only has what I needed in relation to the book chapter, but so much other information that will be helpful to my research."	0
"I regard myself as a mathematician, though I work in a different field. The internet makes it far easier to pursue my interest. In terms of academic papers, the policy of free access is completely vital to that."	0
"This year I am a senior in high school and am currently enrolled in an IB Psychology course. For my Internal Assessment (IA) experiment and research paper I needed sources relating to implicit memory and the effects of psychological priming. I have found what I need on this website! I am so glad they have made their own research available to others, I will make sure to cite it in the References section of my own paper."	
"Thank you-"""	1
"I am constantly searching and sourcing articles.  Right now there is a snow storm (I'm in Canada), and I'm at home, some distance from the University of Guelph.  There's a paper I very much want to read (on learning in reaction diffusion systems!).  Thanks to Open Access, I'm about to read it!"	1
"Your report on ""Environmental Regulations, Air and Water Pollution, and Infant"	
"Mortality in India"""" by Greenstone and Hanna was very useful since it documented the impact of air and water pollution control policy in India"""	0
 I am French (and teaching a small part of my time).	
"For me it is more difficult than English read an article in English. Or even French scientists are likely to write their articles in English. When I have to purchase an item without being able to read English before, I do not know if it will be really interesting enough for me to say and interesting enough to motivate me to translate it into French;"	
"I'm also a contributor to the French Wikipedia. For my work on wikipedia, I find most of my information with Google scholar and I use most often to improve article open access encyclopedia (always quote my sources, which is also a way for me to thank authors who have put their articles in open source. I think so their information will be better valued, and that they receive in return)."	
"And thank you I put some pictures scientifically interesting freely available to all on Wikimedia Commons (CC-by-sa), and sometimes I can improve and I translated into several languages captions of these photos and others."	
"In addition, I feel happy when I read the information shared."	
"	1"	
I'm compiling relevant academic articles regarding ownership structures. Being able to access your articles has been of great help. Thank you.	1
Quisiera el artículo en español o poder acceder a él y copiarlo para poder usar un traductor pero los permisos de la página no me dejan. Necesito traducirlo urgente al español para elaborar un informe sobre esta lectura para una evaluación en la Maestría que curso.	0
"As an educator at a smaller educational institute, which has to choose where to spend its money carefully, Open Access means that my students have access to current, important and influential scientific research which would otherwise be behind a pricewall. Thanks for making this paper available."	1
I am a retired researcher and do not have access to many scholarly journals unless I pay myself.  Open access is invaluable!!!	0
"Thank you so much - I'm preparing for a discussion of the film of Jewish Soldiers in Blue & gray and needed to be able to share information about the enormity of the death associated with the Civil War.  Many thanks.  Ironically, Drew Gilpin Faust and I share a 3rd great grand-father who was a Quaker opposed to war!"	1
"Hi,"	
	
I have been in corporate wellness since 2000 and the debate over the ROI of corporate wellness has been going on for over a decade running a company called Health Fairs Direct.	
	
We put together our own study of over 50 corporate wellness program ROI reports and I believe that helped the debate a bit.	
	
Having a group such as Harvard publish their own study lends more credibility to the findings.	
	
Hopefully this will help more CFOs justify investing in their Human Capital and can better justify allocating funds toward creating behavior change based wellness programs.	
	
"Thank You,"	
	
John w. Buckley	
	
www.healthfairsdirect.com	
	
	
"Having a group such as Harvard"""	1
"Thank you for making this open! It was extremely helpful, and I would never have been able to purchase it."	1
"This was a fantastic post, thank you!  I am a communications major and this was a great source for paper regarding interpersonal communication."	1
"I am investigating the ""value"" of college in order to advise my niece on post-secondary options."	
	
"Thank  you very much for posting this entire article for public use. I found it through a search on GALILEO, the Georgia Library Learning Online."""	1
Using this to help teach my students and teachers too at the International School of Port of Spain in Trinidad Tobago.	0
"I am new to the role of Organisational Development having worked my way through the ranks at my organisation, PHS Group plc."	
	
We are a work based service provider in the UK and Europe with around 5000 staff.	
	
One of my fisrt tasks is to obtain a Corporate Health Standard and then look further into progressing the promotion of Health and Wellbeing in the workplace.	
	
I am conducting research ready to implement a health and wellbeing programme/strategy in my place of work and was looking for background data and research based around rate of return and other benefits to build a business case.	
	
"Although I am UK based and some of the article is not relevant, the parts that are transferrable are extremely uselful and well documented/presented and have been a great help in formulating my business case!"""	0
"I am exploring my grandmother's history in Portland, OR, wanting to understand how she could have a house renovated in the 1920's with her only income as a house/servant. She was also raising 2 children."	0
To me education has always been about learning from others and sharing my ideas for whatever they are worth. I feel excited about fresh scholarly knowledge and cannot wait to share it with others. The debate and reactions on the various issues feed my senses. Open Access to such material from Harvard is like breathing life into humanity itself!	0
I am a graduate student at Rosalind Franklin University of Science and Medicine in psychology. I was searching for resources for a presentation on mindfulness and family therapy. Thank you so much for allowing access to this article!	1
I am in an adult curriculum at Neumann University.  We take 6 credit courses which each require a 15 page thesis on a given topic for each class.  I must cite 20-30 sources for each of these papers and at least half must be scholarly in nature.  Open Access helps me achieve those goals.  Thank you very much.	1
"I am able to read great articles like this one by Harvard economist DM Cutler, and conduct research more efficiently to serve the public and especially disadvantaged communities. Thank you!"	1
"As an anthropologist with a minor in English, I find the irregularities of the English language infinitely interesting.  As a mother trying to explain to my super intelligent and mathematically inclined 8 year old daughter why English uses rules (sometimes competing ones) from Germanic AND Romance languages, I find the irregularities of the language problematic at best.  Her class is now studying irregular and regular verbs and I am delighted to be able to pass this article along to her teacher.  Thank you so much for making this article open access."	1
This article is a part of references I need in my investigations	0
I am a college lecturer from Israel with limited access to resources (mainly because I haven't figured out-at home access.)	
"I appreciate being granted free access. it definitely makes building my course easier!"""	0
Using this as an example of observer bias in regards to research be it Psychology related or not.	0
Thank you for this source. It permitted me to help a student who is working on the texts of Wallace Stevens. I hope that the vehicle which permits this offer continues to be supported.	
"Thanks, again."	
	
"Carline"""	1
"I am able to access literature for free, which is quite helpful to write my Bachelor's thesis about opportunities and risks of industrial policies. Especially economists from Harvard have considerably contributed to new research approaches in this area."	0
"As the publisher of the journal in which this article appeared, I regret that I have to point out that you have not had permission to place it on the web. The journal is available very cheaply in print form (about 7 dollars per issue) and this price is only possible because there are a large number of subscribers. If the articles become available on the web, the print journal will not be viable. If it were desirable to publish a web-version, I would do this commercially and the profits would be used to support the journal. In theory open access is a good idea, but in reality its impact is less good. I realise that this is a draft version of the article, but the fact that it contains mistakes (e.g. in the penultimate footnote), corrected for the published version, reflects badly on the journal, which is quite unfair. Please clarify what your policy is. People without the print version can, after all, obtain photocopies via inter-library-loan, and Publishers Licensing in the UK transfers the fees to the journal."	0
I lead a small poetry circle in a small town in Minnesota. I came across this very helpful article in the process of doing research for next month's reading. Thank you for making it available.	1
I'm a Biology student of Pierre et Marie Curie University in Paris France.	0
"I use research papers as background material for my popularly-oriented guide book, Geology Underfoot in Western Washington, and I cite the weblinks. By making research papers available on the internet, my readers, who are by and large not affiliated with academia, can find and read peer-reviewed research for themselves. This is of inestimable value to a society facing reduced science literacy."	0
"The on-line access led me to this article via a series of links, creating a learning pathway that supported my thinking and took me to original sources as I planned my graduate course examining the integration of technology, pedagogy and content.  Without the open, on-line access, I would not have ""linked"" to this material and would most likely have stopped at the references in the article with which I began. "	0
"thanks, I could use this for my economics essay (Does health determine economic growth? )."	1
"I'm a freelance journalist, and am unaffiliated with any research organization or academic institution. I rely heavily on open access materials for my articles. To be honest, seeing an organization have lots of open access materials triggers the halo effect and helps me develop a good impression of an institution overall. Organizations that make their materials available seem more inviting and tend to get written about more."	0
"As a blogger and student participating in a research team that is studying SDO, I need to find articles and other research that is professional and credible.  Having (free) access to this article was more than beneficial in helping me to complete my assignment and learn more about the topic that I am now investigating on a deeper level."	0
Using this marvelous article for this course: 	
http://socialmediaclassroom.com/host/netsmart	
	
and this one	
	
http://socialmediaclassroom.com/host/mindamp5	
	
"	0"	
I'm researching a play so I can make a performance in London	0
"Soy un profesor investigador de la Universidad Central de Venezuela trabajando ahora en un libro sobre mito y realidad de la democracia venezolana, y el libre acceso a DASH me ha sido de gran utilidad, lo qu agradezco públicamente."	0
I am the Director of a private foundation and access to research such as this is really helpful as we develop and adjust our own strategy. Open Access means I can also share the paper with relevant grantees who are working with (or without) us on civil society issues in Africa.	0
Making my tesis degree	0
"i'm a french student in sociology, initiation level. i'm 35  years old. I was led to your site by looking for informations on robert K merton , i have to learn about him and would like to tell precisely on his thesis written in 1936. I wonder why this dissertation was so important in his history."	0
I am looking for references that will help with my assignment.	0
"This has really helped me to get access to the latest scholarly publications on one of the topics I am interested in. Without open access this could have been extremely difficult, let alone costly. Thank you very much for your great effort."	
	
"Susil H.Liyanarachchi  """	1
"My husband and I have created Jamaica Drum Jam, a community musical access program  in a low-income neighborhood and I am using this research to help justify our work as a tool for improving community cohesion (in addition to all the benefits of musical access). This will help me promote the program to the media and potential funders, it is interesting for community members to learn about these benefits and helps me tailor the direction of this new organization."	0
"I am a Food Safety Consultant, working with mostly small food plants. Open access to articles such as this supports the implementation of appropriate food safety programs in the food industry. Not having to pay exorbitant fees for scientific literature allow me to keep my consultancy fees reasonably low so that small food plants can afford my services and benefit from the development of solid food safety programs. This all goes towards reducing the incidence of food borne disease outbreaks and the often tragic fallout from them."	0
"I am a Princeton University student, writing a paper on one's moral obligation to help those in morally compromising poverty.  My Background research includes Kant's explanation of the existence of morality."	0
Thanks a lot for making this article accessible. I use the information in an lecture on memory and what psychoanalysts have to know about it for their work. I´m from Germany. Gabriele.	
"	1"	
"As an Associate Professor at Emily Carr University access to these articles is a welcome addition to my teaching, both for myself and my students."	0
Thanks to open access I can download articles I need for a seminar. As a student I can not effort to buy all sorts of books just to be equipped for one university course. I am very thankfull for the offer. I think sharing information and knowledge is essential for human development. I am very curious to find out what the real sources of european currency policy. Thanks a lot!	1
I am assigning this article to my students at Yale Law School.	0
THANX FOR THIS OPENLY AVAILABLE ARTICLE FROM WHICH I GOT A DEEPER INSIGHT ON GENOME PLASTICITY OF MICROCYTIS SPP ADDING VALUE TO MY RESEARCH WORK.	
	
"Thank you."""	1
Thank you so much.	1
Has helped me in gathering reference material for my various reserach papers.	0
"Good Afternoon,"	
	
"I am a partner in a company named Activation Systems. Our primary business is working with hospital systems and their beverage programs. A second a growing segment of our business focuses on helping hospital systems """"transition"""" their employees to healthier alternatives in beverage choices in the cafeteria and as well, using beverages to help them with choosing healthier meal choices as well. As this initiative gets traction, we find a need to be able financially quantify the potential employee health insurance premium results as a component of a more comprehensive employee health program. Do you have data that would help us with this calculation?"	
	
Thanks	
	
Bob	
	
"bobhowell20@gmail.com  """	1
Thanks for making this article openly available.	
It was reached from 'Google' in a search for 'Intellectual history of science'.	
"I am interested in differences in emphasis between internal / external and intellectual / social approaches in history of science, in relation to the design of an undergraduate course on history of chemistry. This article was useful."""	1
"Well, so far it has not affected me.  I still need to see if I can access the article and if it is relevant to my research.  The question would have more utility if you asked me after I accessed the article. Thanks for allowing for open access."	1
I am always interested in the latest program models and ROI data as we continuously optimize our Wellness Program and sell to employer groups.	0
"The article offers the possibility of filling a gap in my personal research, research in part just an effort to become more relevant to the times."	0
"I'm in my late '50s and looking for new challenges. I won't continue in my current profession for much longer and I'm planning to spend my 'third age' in the field of archaeology, to which end I'm currently studying towards a degree in archaeology by distance learning with the University of Leicester. I've referred to this paper in connection with my current module which focuses on the Palaeolithic"	0
"I am a college student, this article make easier for me to do work in my finall project assigment... Thank you so much for understanding that as students, we do not have the sources to pay for good reliable articles that we need for school."	1
I am a student from Wilfrid Laurier in Canada.  I'm doing a paper on the accommodation of religious requirements in western culture.  This has benefited me in many ways!  Content like this should always be open to the public to utilize.	0
"Formerly a lawyer, I am now studying Business & Entrepreneurship whilst getting my business ""Buddy Bakers"" up and running. Buddy Bakers is a food education/cookery project for children and hard information on how the lack of cookery skills and food preparation is a contributor to obesity is a key part of my message. Thanks for sharing the knowledge!"	1
"I am a medical student and open access to papers is immeasurably useful in my studies. However, I am looking at this paper to help research a thriller that I am writing (alongside my studies). This will help me get facts correct in the book (much of the internet material being rubbish, obviously). Something which I think is as important in fiction as it is in 'real life'."	0
"Open Access helped me at a key moment in writing my dissertation. Instead of spending three hours on Boston public transit, I spent that time reading and writing in my office."	0
"I (just) submitted my story before I read the article I found on Open Access. I was wrong about how useful the article would be for the results of my search (i.e., it was not what I was looking for), but it was very useful to actually be able to read the article to determine its utility."	0
"I have a take-home Sensation and Perception final in which I have been asked to discuss Feature Integration Theory. I know that the theory has been challenged, but I don't know any specifics of how. Therefore, I am researching the specifics. From the text I could see in the Google search I performed, the article available through your open access will fulfill my requirements."	0
"Dear Madame / Sir,"	
	
"After working in industry for long years I began to study Archaeology and and I am about to finish my master thesis. The availability of so many open access documents created a quantum leap for those who want to study complex subjects. Before the main focus was the best university with the best library. Now the world is open (Not yet totally, but at least on the way to be). "	
"My master thesis is about the 1200 BC collapse, and I am able to include information as distant as fortified castles from Ireland to NW Iran to North of Causasus. "	
"To reach information became much easier. And this is thanks to the academicians who made their works available one way or the other."""	1
"Hello, I am a full-time worker and also a graduate student completing my doctorate.  The DASH open access to articles is extremely helpful to me as a graduate student.  I truly appreciate your willingness to allow open access.  Thank you so much!!  Xxxx"	1
I was searching for any new document/article for an oral presentation about tuberous sclerosis in a national congress..I was really pleased to find it partially in this gate...	0
"""It was a nice surprise to find this article for free, especially coming from such a respected institution. The Internet has become one of the primary ways to do research and I wish there were more open access articles and journals. My University doesn't have as many suscriptions to databases as I'd like. Thanks!"""	1
Thank you very much for publishing this paper. It helped me understand my real estate classes better. thank you very much.	1
I am a PhD student at Birkbeck Univerity of London studying Neighbourhood and Adolescent health and well-being. This paper is a seminal one and is helping me with a lecture I am giving next week on a Bsc. Developmental Psychology course.	
"thanks Jane"""	1
"I am a mature student, gradually attempting a history degree through The Open University."	
I am currently doing a module on World Archaeology; latest essay on the new technology that	
enabled the first cities.	
"Learning lights up my life!"""	0
It allows me to look at manuscripts before they come out in journals.	0
I am a 30-year old professional engineer who is currently pursuing an MBA.  The access to certain texts has been extremely helpful in developing my education.  I am very thankful for the opportunity to learn from others to get a better understanding of my new areas of study.	1
Thank you!! Thank you very much for the open access... Please continue to share open access materials to us researchers who might not otherwise have access to these articles.. :)	1
Great read for an Economic Sociology class at Wesleyan University	0
It's material needed for my privatly taken OWC courses. Thank you for sharing.	1
The content helped me for my paper project of Econometrics to get data for the correlation of variables	0
Thank you very much. I really appreciated it.	1
I am writing an article on the white collar crime aspect behind the Tuskegee Study (1932-1972). This open access has been immensely helpful in allowing me to get a great source for my paper.	0
"Kia ora. I am Maori, i.e. An Indigenous New Zealander. I am doing a cultural impact report on behalf of several Iwi in the Te Arawa nation on the impacts arising from the RENA ship disaster off our coast. I will receive some renumeration from the contract our Iwi signed, with part of the contract renumeration going towards an Iwi voluntary group for their voluntary work protecting our seas and coast when the report is finished. If I did not have access to this site, our report would be less effective and we would be less informed as I do not know any other way we would access this information. In summary, having access empowers NZ's poorest communities, Maori."	0
"How does free access to this research article benefit me? It benefits me a lot! I'm on the other side of the globe (in Athens, Greece) and can learn from and use top research at the click of a button. I wouldn't have had the resources to gain access to this paper any other way."	0
I am a student doing research for a paper on the philosophy of narrative. I searched google to see if this title was a book or an article. It was an article which I could have accessed it through Jstor. But having seen this link on the google search I discovered that I had acces to the article! Thanks Harvard!	1
"As a social worker for Medicaid recipients with multiple, co-morbid mental and physical health diagnoses, I feel free access to the latest healthcare research is an invaluable tool. I endeavor to provide education and guidance regarding healthcare options to patients, families and caregivers. Providing what is regarded as gold-standard care requires continuing education--and that requires access to information. Thank you for providing a portion of what is needed to ensure the best patient care for our most vulnerable populations."	1
Useful reference in research to explore under provision of public goods in rural communities in India.	0
I search for paper Alesina - Drazen	0
writer	0
I'm working on an academic paper related to aid given by Asian nations to Pacific Island nations.  I hope this will give me some additional background.	0
"I was answering a question for my children about nature vs. nurture, and was trying to access quality information on the subject."	0
"As a catalan citizen, therefore being involved in current Catalonia's independence process, I think it's important to take advantage of all the knowledge related to it, so as to learn and share this knowledge ... especially if you're in the middle of a campaign of fear, threats and lies, like we are suffering before elections."	0
"i needed to study for my finals (psychology masters, sem I) and i needed some extra detailed information on this topic, and this article really helped."	0
"I am working on a grant proposal to NSF to develop an informatics tool that will help evaluators and researchers determine the impacts of STEM education interventions. In preparing for this work, I wanted to see if there was existing work on the concept of ""education informatics."" This article will inform my grant proposal. Thank you."	1
"As a long-retired faculty member living in Europe I value the many conveniences of digital access, like DASH's, to research materials otherwise less accessible for me now than they were when I was living near my former home campuses.  I value Prof. Gregory Nagy's work. Many thanks."	1
"As an American working on a degree at a French school for the second time, I am again faced with very limited access to the scholarly resources I need to complete my research. Coming from a large, public university in the states to a very small, provincial school has left me without the digital resources I am used to and that I feel are needed for truly complex and useful research. Open access has greatly helped me when French libraries cannot."	0
"My university's library cannot afford extensive (and expensive) access to many journals now archived online, and since I really needed to look over this article again pronto, finding it available gratis courtesy of Harvard was a very pleasant, welcome surprise. Thanks!"	1
I came across this article rereading and research Peter Gay's history of the Enlightenment in preparation of my unit on the Enlightenment in class.	0
"I am a freshman biomedical engineering student at West Virginia University. For my Confronting Pseudoscience course, I have a final paper due on the pseudoscientific topic of my choice. I have chosen the anti-vaccination movement, and it is extremely helpful to have scholarly articles like these open for my use without having to log onto my library's network. Thank you!"	1
I am a graduate student doing a single case study on heartrate and the effects of excersice. Thank you. No time for spellcheck sorry	1
I am doing research on the Sanxingdui museum and reading up on Sanxingdui in general. I really appreciate this open access and think it's a great service to the free exchange of scholarly thought and information.	0
"Hello, I am a student studying social work at Carlow Univeristy in Pittsburgh, PA.  I am using this article to aid in a study I am proposing dealing with social change and social justice. From my study I hope to discover what is important in the minds of young people now-a-days and to see if they are aware that social change and social justice involve ongoing issues."	0
"Open access makes google ""file:pdf"" easier for me to prepare a talk on tyrosine phosphoproteomics"	0
"I am using distance education to complete my degree and cannot get to a library easily.  By being able to research and access decent articles online, it certainly makes my life a lot easier."	0
I am currently working on a paper on restoration of urban areas and it was a huge convenience to b eable to access this paper with out having to wait for the inter-library loan to go through. Thank you so much!	1
"Free access to canonical texts in any science is of utmost importance for both theoreticians and practitioners in the ""Knowledge Economy""."	
"I have been involved in the incredibly haphazard attempt to develop a professional bureaucrazy or, better still, a meritocracy, for the Brazilian State for the last quarter of a century and one astounding """"regularity"""" in this """"asymetric war"""" against widespread patronage and systemic corruption is the somewhat muffled debate as to the very nature of the state, as an organization. "	
"Being able to access literature of this caliber at a moment´s notice has been not only helpful, but indeed paramount for my daily routine of spreading the belief among my peers and eventual subordinates that change in the status quo is not only possible, but fundamental for the development of a nation as big and as unequal as Brazil."	
"In opening up the library of """"ivory tower"""" to the common man, Harvard is indeed being true to her motto! I am, therefore, very glad """"to have worn crimson"""". At least, for a very short while!"""	0
"As a professional nurse doing research on global health issues or initiatives, I found these articles relevant to my needs.  Access to this site has help me tremendously."	
"Xxxx"""	0
"I am a clinical psychologist and college teacher, now retired and engaged in writing. I self published a book titled Economics as a Symptom of Sadism, Pathology in American Culture and Education and the Legitimizing Myths that Support it. I am updating the book and seeking a  traditional publisher. This article will be valuable in writing on political and social issues. The authors are writing about obsessive-compulsive with paranoid and sadistic tendencies, but they don't know that."	0
"Very helpful for my research on ideology.  Our library doesn't get this journal and the article looks great.   Thanks,"	1
"Open Access, when it is available in general, has allowed me to continue to pursue academically developed thought so that I may continue learning outside the domain of a structured curricula that a university would otherwise provide, and most importantly permit me to continue to develop and assemble academically viable research toward the theories of history and human evolution that I have been attempting to construct for so long. I have specifically been attempting to assemble theory that explains the strands of human inheritance formation largely from a sociobiological or evolutionary biological perspective predicated on fundamentals of a thermodynamic context within the scope of human physiology. As those with experience in similar quests know quite well, it is a very broad topic that requires immersion in many subdisciplines of academic thought that only the availability of pertinent documents can provide.  "	
	
"Because of the difficulties associated with pursuing intelligent thought on a part-time and occasional basis along with the challenges of poverty that the pursuit entails, Open Access in particular, affords an opportunity to obtain intelligent academic research that would otherwise be unavailable to me.  I want to thank Harvard University for permitting me to do that. "	
"	1"	
"I'm a lawyer in Italy, 46 years old, and I'm deeply interested in corporate criminal liability (unfortunately only a recent issue in Italian law: d.lgs 231/2001). Due to this interest I decided to have also some skill in common law - where compliance programs were born - and became a solicitor of England and Wales (non practising)."	
"In Italy I advise, between the others, the Italian Wine Association and this is the reason why I went through your web site, seeking to be pretty informed."""	0
"Thank you for providing this critical article on construct validity. I am a post doctoral student at the University of Minnesota in the Division of Adolescent Health, Healthy Development and Prevention Research Center.  During a Critical Reading class assignment I needed to have a better understanding of the conceptualization and use of this type of validity measure and so searched Google and came across your landmark article which provided clarity. Thank you for graciousness in sharing this knowledge. I will indeed do likewise and share with my colleagues. Thank you once again."	1
I am currently writing a debate paper for my advanced placement 11th grade language class based upon the current infringement on civil rights by the ban of minors from tanning facilities in many cities. This article allowed me to have a direct link between civil rights and its role in banning indoor tanning.	0
I'm a prospective Harvard applicant and citizen blogger to the national media hoping to make a difference in national debate in some small way.	0
"As a freelance writer with limited access to university scholarship - and limited funds - it is a great benefit to be able to read and cite significant literary, academic work such as this.  Thank you very much for Harvard's Open Access."	1
"I am looking for better understanding my aunt's behaviour, which might qualify as obsessive hoarding. Her house is very cluttered and she just refuses to throw useless items away."	0
"I work as a clinical researcher in Toronto, Canada.  Mainly working with genetic disorders - we do have access through our institution to various publications, but sometimes it is just too many hurdles to jump over in order to obtain a publication.  Open Access, on the other hand, provides easy access to crucial publications not only to myself but also individuals who I may collaborate with and not have the same ease in obtaining various articles."	0
I am a PhD student of political sociology in Iran. unfortunately we don't have access to many of the texts we need. I'm working on the women's identifications change in post-revolutionary Iran and its relation to political authority. I found Najmabadi's texts very helpful and attractive but couldn't find all the texts I needed.That's why this open access helps me a lot.	0
"I conduct a research for my Ph.D. thesis on intra-industry trade. As I analyse different trade models, I would like to use also yours. I suppose this article can help me a lot."	0
"I was having a lot of difficulty locating the entire original article ""The Therapeutic Revolution: Medicine, Meaning and Social Change in Nineteenth-Century America"" by Charles E. Rosenberg. I had searched through many databases available to me at my University but was unsuccessful. This article was crucial to my research paper and so this resource was very valuable to me. "	0
Open access ought to exist as the standard of every institution. The deranged system of capitalist profit motive has caused us to hide our helpfulness from one another for pathetic posterity's sake. Your policy of open access is beautiful and should be universal.	0
Looking for 'redundancy mechanisms' I selected your link and PDF Doc.	
"Your article was not relevant to me, but I thankyou for allowing me to read it, through Harvard Online."	
"I wish to voice that the principle of making PDF Docs of research results and academic papers in general, available online, makes the collation of information and the writing of papers a whole lot easier."	
"Knowledge should be free and referenced correctly. Thankyou."""	1
"I am an associate professor of biology at Missouri State University and avid distance runner.  Although my area of expertise (herpetology) has nothing to do with human evolution, my interest in running has drawn me into the primary literature on endurance running adaptations.  I have volunteered to give a presentation on the role of endurance running in human evolution in a public lecture series sponsored by our college next semester.  Daniel Lieberman's research is central to the topic of the presentation so accessing this article is very helpful."	0
"Access to this article really helped me do my research from home, as I am a full time working, non-traditional student. When I don't have time for the library, accessing these articles makes it possible for me to still do great research, but at a time when I'm available. Thank you."	1
I needed an example of a good case study to help me with my term paper. Thank you!	1
This worked very well. For an independent researcher this is really important to have an access to the latest publications. The information about the dynamical behaviour data was essential in my own study for dynamics between different sky conditions.	0
I am a doctoral student  and access to this site has helped me tremendously in my dissertation research. Thank you!!!! Camilla Delsid	1
"This story assisted me in writing an essay for a weekly assignment on ""Racial and Biological Crime Theory Controversy""."	0
"I am working on an Ethics Bowl case that relates to Microsoft's 2012 program patent for a pedestrian route navigation feature that has been informally labeled ""Ghetto Avoidance App.""  This app has been labeled racist by members of the NAACP and a few other groups because it uses ""demographics"" in addition to FBI crime reports (among other information) to help people formulate the safest way to navigate on foot through urban areas. I am looking for information regarding crime and poverty in inner cities.  I am looking to show that racism is a huge problem in our nation but that this app is not the source of racism.  There is a much larger problem that must be identified and addressed to eliminate racist views in our nation... I am looking at social disorganization theory as part of my research.   "	0
"As a science journalist doing research, having access to top-level scholarship is critical to my work."	0
"I think it's great that a university like Harvard allows open access to its articles, and hope more universities will follow this path."	0